-(Anchor) This is the following news.
Oilna from Asia and the Middle East to Europe
The ships carrying the cargo through the Red Sea
Pass the Suez Canal.
It's a kind of shortcut, but 12% of the world logistics
The degree passes through this seaway.
But the war with Israel and Hamas
After that, Yemen's Futi rebels
The Red Sea
After attacking the passing ships
there is.
Because of this, major shipping companies in the world have become dangerous.
Instead of the Red Sea,
I choose a long way to turn around.
As a result, the transportation time is more than usual
It takes from week to 2 weeks
In the aftermath, international oils and insurance premiums are also climbed
there is.
In addition, the reservation fee of the crude oil carrier is also in a week
25%rose.
The world is spreading to the Red Sea like this
It is shaking the logistics.
The reporter will tell you.
-(Reporter) Yemen Huti rebels on the 19th of last month
The Galaxy Leader of the cargo ship that passed the Red Sea
It was seized.
Since then, at least 10 ships attack or threats.
I was hit.
-(Reporter) The US -led multinational coalition fleet
It was launched and shipping companies were also in self -help measures
I went out.
Digital installed in ships between the Red Sea
It is a tracking device.
Local time 19 days around the Red Sea
Instead of the destination of the ship when you press the mark
The phrase that the armed guards boarded
It comes out.
The destination is hidden and the expenses are strengthened.
The change to the sea is also increasing.
45 trillion won in 57 ships carrying native cargo
The container ship bypasses the Red Sea
The US CNBC said.
The world when the red seas disruption is longer
The economy is also expected to be in the economy.
-(Reporter) Yemen Huti rebels have supported Iran's support.
I took advantage of the civil war.
Palestinian support is particularly strong
In the Red Sea, the sea off, in the country with a ship attack
The foundation and the influence limited to Yemen
The intention to expand to the entire Arab region
Analysis.
This is SBS.
-(Anchor) As you heard
