Israel and Hamas War.
US President Biden is going to root Hamas
One day after urging a change in Israel's tough measures
Israel, even without the support of the international community,
I said I will continue.
Meanwhile, the United States and others are trying to resume hostage release negotiations
However, foreign media reports that Hamas do not respond
It came out.
This is a report from a reporter.
Israel's raids on the southern Rafa of the Gaza District
It continued.
The injured people are endless to the hospital
there is.
As I went down to heavy rain, the northern Jabaliya
The situation is getting harder.
This situation cannot be expressed in words.Jabaliya
The refugee camp is completely submerged.female
The child is also dead.
In the northern part of the Gaza district,
At least nine people were killed at once.
Israeli Prime Minister Netanahu
The support of the international community is found in the interrogation of military accommodation facilities.
Even if you don't have to get rid of Hamas,
He said he would continue.
Although facing tremendous pain and international pressure,
I'll say this.Anything can stop us
doesn't exist.To the end, to go to win
It is.
This is the day before the US president and Israel
He started to lose his support and changed his tough policy.
This is the remarks that came after pointing out that I should give it.
Israel is a seawater in the underground tunnel of the earth.
The US State Department
The spokesman, any tactic,
Comply with and maximizes civilian protection
I emphasized that it should be.
Meanwhile, President Biden was detained in Hamas.
Eight of the estimated families of eight Americans and hostage families released
I met my back.
We love the miracle of Christmas.
All loved ones come back and Christmas
I hope you will spend with us.
CNN tries to resume hostage negotiations.
I'm in it, but Hamas is not responding
I conveyed it.
This is KBS News Flood.
Video editing: Han Mi -hee/Survey: Seo Ho -jeong
