-(Anchor) As the criticism of the Gaza Earth Hospital attacks increased, Israel was a hospital.
There is a secret base in the basement, saying there is a secret base.
It has been released.
The situation continues to deteriorate, while Hamas is highly in the midst of Israel's black propaganda.
There is even a saying that the hospital is turning into a cemetery.
Reporter Yoon Sung -cheol will tell you.
-(Reporter) The Israeli army revealed that it found Hamas base in the basement of Lantis Children's Hospital.
This is a video.
The entrance to the tunnel hidden from the debris is found in the building, which is tens of meters away from the hospital.
The 20m deep tunnel is directly connected to the underground area of the hospital.
There are many suicide terrorist equipment in antitank rocket, rifle and grenades.
Hamas crews also enjoy the way to move on.
These motorcycles were used at the time of massacre on October 7.
The bullet marks remain.
Hamas crew came back here by this motorcycle.
-(Reporter) Israeli troops guide CNN reporters to the scene and that the hospital is being used for Hamas.
I tried to prove it.
There was also a space that was believed to be a hostage detention place.
There is also a toilet and a kitchen.
-If the hostages were not detained under the basement of the hospital, there would be no need to make such a simple facility.
Will.
-(Reporter) Israeli troops also entered another hospital with anti -tank rocket.
It has been released.
The crew attacked the tank in the hospital building, the Israeli army explained.
Hamas, on the other hand, argued that all of them were Israel's black propaganda.
There are also medical staffs at Alsifa Hospital suspected that there is a base in the basement.
I insisted that there were no Hamas crews.
In the United States, Israel's claim that Hamas is using a hospital as a shield.
I am opposed to hospital attacks.
President Joe Biden also said that the hospital should be protected.
I urged it.
The World Health Organization WHO says that the bodies are almost cemetery throughout the Alpita Hospital.
I warned.
This is MBC News Yoon Sung -chul.
