Palestinian residents for one day due to Israel's air strikes
Hamas said that 350 people were killed
I insisted.
The piranians flocked to the south to the south
Egypt and the south end of the border, Rafa again
I'm pushing.
I'm a correspondent for Anda -young, Paris.
A huge smoke blooms with the explosion sound.
The largest city in the southern part of the Gaza, Israeli military
The raid continues without rest.
Khan Unis flocked to the northern piranians
In the refugee village, massive casualties
It happened.
Hamas side Gaza District Health Department
More than 350 Palestinians were killed, 1,000
More than 900 people were injured.
As the engagement spread to the south, the Piranians Egypt
Go to the south end of the border to Rafa area
I'm moving.
Rafa supports relief support after resuming engagement.
This is a limited place.
Rafa or Rapa by phone and phone
I was warned to evacuate to the west, and immediately
came.At first I refused to leave,
I left as the strength of the bombing increased.
Tens of thousands of people who have been gathered in Lafa for three days
It is known to be a master.
The United Nations has established hundreds of temporary shelters in Rafa
Hundreds of tents were installed in two vacant lots.
But in a short time, many piranians come in, evacuation
The facility is a table that exceeds the capacity.
In the Lebanese border zone in northern Israel, pro -Iran
Military conflict with armed forces Hezbola becomes more frequent.
there is.
In this regard, Israeli Prime Minister
He can also carry out a strong military operation
I warned.
Hezbola has a full -scale war against Israel.
When we start, our military (Lebanon capital) and Beirut
Let's go to southern Lebanon to Earth and Cannes
I will make it.
Israeli troops wear only dozens of men wearing underwear
The video was tied back and kneeling
I posted on social media.
The place taken was known as the Gaza Earth,
The local media in Israel said that they surrendered
It is possible to be a crew.
This is KBS News Andayoung in Paris.
Video editing: Mission Hwan/Data Survey: Seo Hojeong
