It only took a few days more thermals,
fireproof jackets
to build the piles that will fill the donated bags,
backpacks with hydration in them.
We could put like a water
hydration system as the war between Israel and Hamas stretches on,
on October 7th as all these terrible things were coming out.
Like the only thing I wanted to do is go to Israel. All rabbi
Menachem
Lafd had to do was ask his Jewish community for help.
You know, just in a matter of days,
we've collected thousands of items that are going to soldiers on the front line.
We have raised tens of thousands of dollars
to be able to support Israel in any way we can.
I want people to understand how personal this is to the Jewish community.
He is leading a group of dozens of volunteers with the organization
Eish and they'll be in Israel by next week to volunteer where needed as of now.
It seems like we're going to be
visiting soldiers that have been wounded in the hospital.
We're gonna be supporting some of the families
that have been displaced just being there.
I can't tell you how many people I've spoken to in Israel
on the ground right now
who are just so moved by those who have come and the fact that we're coming now,
those not making the trip themselves,
wrote messages meant to be shared along with those donations.
This says,
we pray for you and thank God for you and keep and we pray for you and thank God for you
and to keep you safe.
War. It interrupted this rabbi's original plans.
We had a trip scheduled on these dates
and we were supposed to go to Israel turning, what was supposed to be a trip
into a mission? My brothers and sisters are hurting
and when family calls we stop everything and we drop
everything and we go and we help however we can,
there have already been some volunteers from the states
who have traveled to Israel and come back already.
And one of them told me in addition to bringing supplies,
they've also been helping businesses like farms that have lost employees
who are either fighting in the war or displaced by it.
And so they can go and help do some of that as well.
All right, Jenny. Thank you.