-(Anchor) President Biden
Even though it should be completely removed, Israel
It means that occupying the Gaza district
It was publicly announced.
This is connected to a correspondent in Washington, USA
Let's take a closer look.
Correspondent Kim Yong -tae, first President Biden
I interpret it from the meaning of the remarks
Give me.
-(Correspondent) Biden in the interview
The president said Israel
If it is occupied, it will be a big mistake.
Said.
Armed Pavilion Hamas for Palestinians
It was said that it did not represent.
In other words, only Hamas should be removed and separated.
Taking the Palestinian autonomy from the Gaza district
It is interpreted to mean not.
However, it opposes the input of the ground forces
I didn't speak again.
In particular, Hamas should be completely removed.
I raised my voice.
Then, even if the military operations, civilians
To limit it so that there is no damage
It is the position of the United States, it will be like this
It is the same.
A little while ago, the Washington Post came today
When the ground war begins, it will be a blood sea.
Drying Israel, such as writing
Voice is also increasing.
-(Anchor) In this situation,
It is also a story that the president will go to Israel.
Is this a confirmed content?
-(Correspondent) There is no official announcement yet.
Israeli media are prime minister Netanyahu
He said he invited President Biden.
There are four tasks in the United States.
This dispute spreads throughout the Middle East
You have to continue humanitarian support while blocking
Supporting Israel and hostage
It must be saved.
Here, the president's visit is very
It can be an effective card.
Iran or Lebanese armed group Hezbola
You can also deliver a powerful message not to interrupt
there is.
If you visit President Biden,
There will be a change in time and size.
Secretary of State, Bling Con, who returned Israel today
This issue is also expected to be discussed.
It has been Washington so far.
