Your reporters look around the victim
Thunder sound several times around
The same explosion continues
I was heard in the southern reporter Lee Do -sun
It's been a day and now came up again
It's the same.
The story is a matter of time.
The local atmosphere is coming out
How about it is Israel where I am
Gurion International Airport
There's a lot of gathering rocket attacks
It continues and the air raid alerts continue
As it continues, anxiety is located locally
It is continuing to grow, especially
The Israeli ground forces can be used
There is also a story like this
The Israeli government is a reserve army
I issued a call order, but already
He said he responded to 300,000 people.
According to the British BBC, military units
There are many cars around
I think it's a parking lot, but this is
The young people who enlisted
Car
I'm deceived by the ball.
There are a few people in the arrival hall.
It's just precious today, but keeping my family
I came back for this interview
directly
Listen to you. There are people, but now this
Looking behind the reporter, even those who go out
I think there are so many
The people are also on their way home today.
Did you start? Our Korean travelers
There are about 480 people
The government is grasping
109 people 10 or two
As expected, about 10 minutes before now
I took off towards Incheon Airport
If you see it, you will already leave
And 30 people in the sand
He is exiting Israel through aviation
I am leaving here before that
I met our people, but there is no
Even though I was anxious about war insecurity
I can be reassured because I can get on my way home
It was an expression directly
Listen to it. I'm worried about it
The contact comes from time to time and the family is very
A lot of worries about anxiety
I did this safely, the route is open again
Thank you so much. Yes, everyone is safe
I hope you will come in, and reporter Lee Do -sung
Please cover up and come back safely
So far, reporter Lee Do -sung
I told you, Hello News Room Anchor
Han Min -yong is also JTBC today
Everyone who watched the newsroom
Thank you for the news this evening
In the field
See you
