This video released by the Israeli military on 
Monday is said to show bombardments targeting  
structures and fortifications used by the 
Hezbollah militant group in Southern Lebanon.
And a security source said 
a commander of Hezbollah's  
elite Radwan force named Wissam Tawil was killed.
Tawil's assassination marks one of 
the most high profile attacks on  
Hezbollah's senior officers in three 
months of hostilities with Israel.
There was no immediate comment from Israel.
But sources, including a Syrian 
military intelligence officer,  
told Reuters that Israel is carrying out 
an unprecedented wave of deadly strikes  
targeting cargo trucks, infrastructure 
and people involved in moving weapons  
from Iran to proxy forces in the 
region, including inside Syria.
The sources said that while Israel has attacked 
Iranian-linked targets in Syria for years,  
it shifted strategies after after the Oct. 7 
rampage by Hamas fighters into Israeli territory.
The intensified air campaign has 
killed 19 Hezbollah members in  
Syria in three months. More than 
130 Hezbollah fighters have also  
been killed by Israeli shelling of 
southern Lebanon in the same period.
The Israeli military did not respond to questions 
from Reuters about its escalating campaign.
Exchanges of fire along Israel's northern border 
have become near-daily occurrences since Oct. 7.
On Saturday, Hezbollah claimed it fired some 
62 rockets at an Israeli observation post.
The threat of escalation comes amid a fourth visit  
by U.S. Secretary of State 
Antony Blinken to the region.
“From day one, as I said, we've been working 
to make sure the conflict doesn't spread."
Blinken last week said a wider 
conflict was in no country's interest.
"But we know that this is not what Israel wants 
or seeks. It's not what we want or seek. I know  
from Lebanon's perspective, it's not in the 
interest of Lebanon to see any escalation."
Israel has pledged to eliminate Hamas leadership 
both inside the Gaza Strip and beyond.
Last week a suspected Israeli 
strike killed deputy Hamas  
chief Saleh al-Arouri in Beirut's southern 
suburbs, an area controlled by Hezbollah.
Israel has neither confirmed nor denied 
its responsibility for that attack.