(Anchor) The war between Israel and Hamas has been over two months.
The UN urged the ceasefire, saying that the situation of the Gaza Earth is deteriorating due to disasters.
In the midst of this, Israel is in Dongjesu Salem area where Palestinians live.
It is controversial by allowing the establishment of a new settlement village.
Reporter Lee Kyung -mi will tell you.
-(Reporter) Entry to Cannes Unis, the largest city in the southern part of the Gaza district released by Israeli troops
This is a video.
Israeli troops say the 98th Division, a special unit, has surrounded Cannes.
-Jabali, Shuza and have built a defensive line in Cannes.
Hamas terrorists are now fighting a near -range battle with Uri.
-(Reporter) Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu can soon arrest Hamas leader Shinwad.
I said.
-The Israeli army surrounds Shinwar's house.
His house may not be his fortress or run away, but it is time to catch Shinwar.
This is a problem.
-(Reporter) The UN Secretary -General of Gutechs said that the situation of the Gaza district is rapidly deteriorating due to disasters.
The public order will soon collapse, and there will be less aid in this area.
I was concerned.
In the midst of this, Israel is also pushing the construction of settlement villages.
The Israeli government has approved more than 1,700 new housing construction, half of which
It is known that it will be built in Dongjerusalem where Palestinians live
there is.
Israel, who won the 3rd Middle East War in 1967, was the Jordan River West Bank and Dongje Lusalem
After occupying the back, the settlement village is built here and the Jews are moving.
Currently, 450,000 people in the West Bank of the Jordan River and about 220,000 Jews in Dongjerusalem
The settlers live.
The international community, such as the UN, illegally sees the construction of settlement villages in Israel.
In particular, after the war with Hamas, the physical conflict between Jewish settlers and Palestinians
As it becomes more frequent, concerns about expanding settlement villages are growing.
This is MBC News Lee Kyung -mi.
