US President Joe Biden says Israel has 
agreed to halt military action in the  
Gaza Strip over Ramadan, the Muslim 
holy month that begins on March 10.
He made those remarks on NBC’s 
Late Night with Seth Meyers.
This came as Arab countries have voiced fears 
should the fighting continue into Ramadan it will  
further stoke regional tensions and while momentum 
on ceasefire negotiations gathered pace in Qatar.
On the show, Biden revealed there 
was an agreement in principle for a  
ceasefire between Israel and Hamas, which 
could be in place by this time next week.
He said such a pause would give time for remaining 
hostages Hamas captured on Oct 7 to be released.
The group took over 250 hostages when it stormed  
across southern Israel on Oct 
7 and killed over 1,200 people.
Israel’s subsequent ground assault 
led to nearly 30,000 people killed,  
according to Gaza health authorities.
In his Late Night appearance Monday,  
Biden said Israel risks losing 
support from the rest of the world.
He added that the Israeli government made 
a commitment to him to try to evacuate  
large portions of Rafah, which has millions of 
displaced Palestinians who fled other war-torn  
parts of Gaza before Israeli forces move in to 
target what he called the ‘remainder’ of Hamas.
The last deal to suspend fighting came 
in November where Hamas released more  
than 100 hostages and Israel freed about 
three times as many Palestinian prisoners.
In recent weeks, both Israel and Hamas 
have publicly maintained positions that  
are far apart for a potential truce 
while blaming the other for delays.
Israel continues to say it will not 
end the war until Hamas is destroyed.
While Hamas says it will not free hostages 
without an agreement to end the war.
As Biden gears up for a bid 
at re-election this November,  
he has seen support among young Americans 
and left-leaning progressive voters sink as  
a result of his staunch support for Israel 
and the sky-high death tolls in Gaza.