This is the following news.
Israel and Hamas are 46 days after the outbreak of war
We agreed to a temporary ceasefire.
4 days on the condition of release of 50 hostages
After stopping the battle, Hamas adds 10 people
Every time you release, you will extend the truce a day
I did.
Reporter Kim Young -ah reports.
-(Reporter) The Israeli Ministers' Meeting is local time
After the 22nd night of the 22nd,
Recognition and temporary hostage agreed by Qatar's arbitration
We approved the ceasefire.
Hamas has 50 hostages detained in the Gaza district.
Instead of solving it, the two sides have been engaged for 4 days
This is the content to stop.
The release of hostages is a day from the 23rd of the local time
10 people will be made in stages
It is expected, but women and children first
It seems to be released.
Both sides are also in addition to 50 people agreed with Hamas.
Each time Hamas release 10 people,
We agreed to increase the period every day.
Along with this, Israel is also in jail
150 people including Palestinian women and youth
Fuel and humanitarianism to the earth
I decided to allow support.
However, Israel, the interruption of the war is temporary.
I nailed it.
At the end of the agreed stop period, the war
He said he will continue.
-(Reporter) After the negotiations, President Biden said
He said he is very happy with the agreement.
If the United States is released an additional manjejeol, the engagement stops
This agreement is extended to the hostage power.
It is designed to lead the release
I conveyed it.
Hamas is also a humanitarian ceasefire through a statement.
It is welcomed.
In 46 days after the outbreak of the war, the two sides were temporarily truce
Today's agreement is the big of this war
There is a expectation that it will be a watershed.
Since the outbreak of the war on the 7th of last month
In the Gaza district, more than 14,000 civilians
About two -thirds of 2.3 million residents
I'm losing.
This is SBS Kim Young -ah.
-(Anchor) Daegu, Daejeon followed the National Assembly today
The fact that Han Dong -hoon, who was looking for, floated himself
Democrats, not the power of the people
