Despite the Israeli right -wing government
The first bill to significantly reduce the authority of the judiciary
I tried to handle it.
In fact, as the judiciary is incapacitated, it will check the government.
The means disappeared, but the protests against it
It is becoming intense.
Dubai Excellence Correspondent.
Opposition lawmakers in the Israeli parliament come and go,
Some teared the documents and expressed their opposition.
Despite the intense opposition of the opposition, the judiciary's authority
The so -called 'incapacitation of the judiciary' to reduce the first bill
It has been passed.
The opposition party boycotted the final vote, and all 120
In favor of 64 passports in the middle, the bill
It has been processed.
The results are as follows:Participated in the vote
64 members of the Set Set (Congress) were in favor,
There is no opposition and abstention.
Accordingly, the judiciary,
It will not be involved.
In the meantime, the administration's decision was made by the Supreme Court.
It has been a check, such as turning over.
The opposition party immediately reacted.
Today, it shows the weakness of Prime Minister Netanyahu
It is a day.Israel has no prime minister.
Netana is the puppet of the extremists
It was.
However, Prime Minister Netanyahu, etc., for democracy
I emphasized that it was a measure and foretelled additional legislation.
The first step in the important history of judicial reform
A special moment.
Outside the parliament, tens of thousands of protesters held a protest overnight.
I did it.
Conflicts in the process of water cannons and police force
It happened and the injured came out.
It came out to protect democracy.Disobedience,
We had no choice but to go to nonviolence, and we
Here to protect democracy with the body
there is.
Israel's largest labor movement organization also has a general strike.
Amid the declaration, some of the reserve troops are also on the protests
I joined.
The US White House
I was sorry.
KBS News Excellence in Dubai.
Video editing: Han Mi -hee/Survey: Seo Ho -jeong
