The Israeli army has 100 people in Hamas during the ground war
Advanced in the process of interrogating them by capturing abnormalities
I get information and use it for the operation
I said.
The Gaza District Health Department has recently been raids in Israel.
The list of 40 families was killed.
It has been released.
I am a reporter Kim Hak -jae.
In the recently discovered hole in Alsima Hospital
The equipment of the Israeli army is introduced.
It is directly connected to the underground tunnel, but the cylindrical narrow
If you go down about 3 meters along the tunnel, the spiral staircase
When you come out and go down, you will meet the main tunnel.
The complex structure, the dead end is 50 meters long
It reaches.
There is also a place where you can shoot a gun, so in preparation for the battle
It seems to be.
The Israeli army released the video and Hamas
Sipa Hospital is an operational headquarters and a hostage detention place.
I repeatedly insisted that it was evidence I used.
Hamas goes to Alshifa Hospital to prevent our attack.
As a shield, the hospital turned into a battlefield.
The Israeli army has recently been Hamas during the earth.
He said he had arrested more than 100 members.
They rocket, including crews who kidnapped hostages.
Forces, explosive experts, and military officers are also
It is said to be.
Israeli troops interrogated them and Hamas's basement
Information on tunnels, arsenal locations, operations, etc.
I insisted that it was obtained.
Hamas first penetrated Israel on the 7th of last month
The workshop on both sides in relation to civilian damages on the day
It was followed.
The Palestinian Autonomous Ministry of Foreign Affairs is a key boots music festival
Among the Israeli helicopters, Israeli civilians
Claiming that it was bombed,
I urged it.
Israeli Prime Minister Netanyahu is ridiculous.
I dismissed the sound.
Israeli (key boots music festival) massacre
I accused me of doing it, but this completely
It's turning over.
Meanwhile, the Gaza District Health Department has been recent Israel.
They said that 41 people were killed by raids
The list has been released.
After the opening, 13,000 people were killed in the Gaza district.
There are 30,000 injuries and 30,000 people.
This is KBS News Kim Hak -jae.
Video editing: Seo Sam -hyun/Survey: Seo Hojeong
