-(Anchor) To prevent war from growing
The United States continued to dry Israel, but
Israel finally attacked.
What is the US response?
Let's connect and find more details.
Correspondent Kim Yong -tae, first of the US government
Have you reacted?
-(Correspondent) Attack news is in the US time
It was known late last night and is now early
The US government's official response is still in the morning
It does not come out.
Local media are the mainland attack of Israel
I notified the United States before, but the United States
I didn't support or intervene
I conveyed it.
Prior to the attack, the US and Israeli Secretary of Defense
It was also known that the call was also known, but here
It is not clear whether the notification was made.
Earlier, President Biden said Iran called Israel
Immediately after the attack, talking to Prime Minister Netanyahu
I resisted my rehabilitation, but this time, Israel
Defense promises are like a thorough but Iran attack
It is said that it will not participate in the operation
It is said to be.
-(Anchor) The United States and the international community
Even though I kept it, it was rooted
I think it's going to be a bit difficult for the US
do.
-(Correspondent) First, drying Israel
It's a failure.
But the attack of Israel is still
It was unclear, but it was a limited scale
It is necessary to pay attention.
Even during Iran's attack,
Israeli side
There was little damage, but this time the airborne
It looks similar, but it looks similar.
After all, not only the United States but also Israel, Iran
It can be seen that the expansion is reluctant
there is.
The US presidential election is only 200 days away today.
Former President Trump is a diplomatic failure.
As a President of Biden in the attack situation
Somehow prevents the expansion and manages the Middle East disputes
The need to go out is bigger.
However, as in preparation for the worst situation, Israel
The US Embassy for the staff and family
