The Israeli army wrongs three hostages during the operation
He said he was identified and killed.
The life of civilians in the Gaza district is getting worse
Kerem Shalom passage for brought in the middle relief supplies
It was first approved for the first time.
Dubai Excellence Correspondent.
In front of the supply office as people waiting for the relief
It is crowded.
Each of them can try out the card, but the relief material is extremely
Limited.
At the door in front of the supply office all night while the bomb falls
I waited.Too painful.
You can't buy something to eat for children.for a while
I couldn't even eat bread.
As the situation worsened my situation, Israel was Kerem Shalom
For the first time to bring in relief supplies through the passage
Approved.
Kerem Shalom is a border with the southern part of Israel
60%of the amount of cargo entry into the village
It was a place that passed.
In the meantime, Israel has introduced relief supplies in the Gaza district.
It has been limited to the Rafa Checkpoint.
The Prime Minister's Office will enter 200 relief trucks a day.
I explained that it could be maintained.
Israel is still attacking throughout the Gaza District
In the midst of raising the water level,
Three hostages are killed by shooting
It happened.
In the war, the Israeli army has three hostages.
I was incorrectly identified by the threat.As a result, hostages
I shot and died.
Israeli troops are tragic and Israel's army
Even though it is responsible, the area
It's an area where terrorists meet
I explained.
The current hostage is 130
Israel is rescued from hostage with Hamas removal.
It has been revealed as a top priority.
In the midst of this, the US security guard who visited Israel
It is to turn to a low -intensity offensive rather than a full -scale war.
I pressed it.
In addition, Israeli is also negative for the prolonged prolongation of the occupation of the Gaza district
I expressed my opinion.
KBS News Excellence in Dubai.
