Israel's Netanyahu regime has significantly reduced the authority of the judiciary.
Passed a reduced bill.
By significantly weakening the judiciary's checks,
It's a powerful bill.
Hundreds of thousands of people in Israel
As the whole of Israel, such as conflicting with the police while going out,
I was in a challenge.
Dubai Excellence Correspondent.
The protesters have a major highway in Israel.
It was occupied.
There was a struggle and injured.
The legislation of the Israeli parliament that disables the judiciary.
When passed, the opposing people
It came out.
The vote has passed.Watching me
This is the first stage of many things.In this country
What happens makes me sad.
Congress is a passport with the opposition to vote.
The bill was handled by 64 people.
Accordingly, the judiciary,
In fact, it will not be involved.
In the meantime, the Supreme Court's judging has been decided by the administration.
Although it was turned upside down, the role of this judiciary
It's almost impossible.
The opposition party immediately reacted.
Today, it shows the weakness of Prime Minister Netanyahu
It is a day.Israel has no prime minister.
Netana is the puppet of the extremists
It was.
But the right -wing coalition heralded additional legislation.
In this case, the Supreme Court can turn the decision of the Supreme Court.
The judiciary's check is harder.
We are ready to discuss everything immediately
there is.To reach an agreement on everything
If necessary, negotiate with the opposition party until November.
I will continue.
The protests that have been held since the beginning of this year will be more intense.
Observation.
Reserve troops and special warfare also participated in the protests, and the largest union
There are even reports of preparing for a general strike
there is.
The United States, an Israeli allies, is a judicial incapacitation bill
I was sorry for passing.
KBS News Excellence in Dubai.
Video editing: Hwang Bo Hyunpyeong/Survey: Lee Ji -eun
