-(Anchor) The international community is the ground forces of Israel
While continuing to input, Israel
There is another thing that makes you worry.
This is the tunnel that Hamas dug.
There is another city under the Gaza district
It's enough to say, but what is the reality
Reporter Park Se -yong reported.
-(Reporter) The Israeli army released in 2014
This is a video.
Gate inside the mosque in the Gaza district
One was found, but Hamas Tunnel
It was the entrance.
-(Reporter) From this time on, from this time, the security of Israel
It has emerged as a strategic threat.
UN Secretary -General Hamas at the time of Ban Ki -moon
I also looked around the tunnel.
Another filmed by Israeli troops in 2014
video.
Pouring out
Hamas crews are captured or
The motorcycles found inside
It can also be pulled up.
The tunnel is wide enough for motorcycles to go
It's a story.
Israeli troops in 2014, 32 tunnels,
In 2018, I found 17 and destroyed it
Hamas continues to focus on destruction
I was tilted.
-(Reporter) Israeli army again in May 2021
The so -called so -called
Gaza Metro Tunnel Map.
Focusing on Gaza City, northern part of the Gaza district
Three -distance and range are the basics
Build a maze world in the basement
I have.
Jerusalem Strategic Security Research Institute Omerdostree
Dr. Hamas in an e -mail interview with SBS
In the tunnel, several branch points and street names,
The number is attached and electricity, oil, and water supply
To the infrastructure that can be stayed for a long time without
He said he had all.
Israeli military expert Eiah
Dr.
It is not, but the tunnel where Hamas is destroyed
There are some repairs or new ones
I explained.
The Israeli army destroyed in 2021
The tunnel is only 100 km.
But the overall structure of the Hamas Tunnel and
The length was still confirmed, and with Israel
The underground battle between Hamas is this war
It will be a variable to see how long it will be
The two experts look at it.
This is SBS Park Se -yong.
-(Anchor) It is estimated 10 in Iksan, Jeonbuk
The suspect ran away from the golden room.
