Smoke rises behind Gaza's Al Shifa hospital. In  
the courtyard and corridors are 
thousands of displaced people.
At the gates: body bags.
Israeli forces fought Hamas militants among 
ruined buildings in the north of the Gaza Strip on  
Thursday (November 9), inching their way closer to 
Al Shifa and another main hospital in Gaza City.
In the emergency room, this man says 
he and others tried to head south but  
when they reached the road a tank fired at them.
Others fled along a frontline route.
The White House said on Thursday Israel 
has agreed to pause operations in northern  
Gaza for four hours a day from Thursday, 
the first sign of respite in Gaza's war.
Allowing people to flee along 
two humanitarian corridors.
Some of those escaping on Thursday 
said they feared another "Nakba",  
the "catastrophe" of their mass dispossession 
after Israel was founded in 1948.
KHALED ABU ISSA: "They are 
driving people to schools,  
and scaring them so they would leave. What 
we see today is a plan for a second exodus."
UM HASSAN: "What do things look like behind us? 
Death and destruction. Death and destruction."
U.S. President Joe Biden says he's 
seeking a longer halt of three days  
to help secure the release 
of hostages held by Hamas.
Israel unleashed its assault on Gaza 
in response to a cross-border raid by  
Hamas gunmen, who killed 1,400 people, mostly 
civilians, as well as kidnapping about 240.
But the plight of Palestinians trapped 
in the besieged enclave has stoked global  
calls for a ceasefire, which is rejected by 
Israel and its main ally, the United States.
Palestinian officials said more 
than 10,800 Gaza residents had  
been killed as of Thursday, 
about 40% of them children.
At a humanitarian conference in Paris 
on Thursday, officials from about 80  
countries and organizations were 
trying to coordinate a response.
Jan Egeland heads the Norwegian Refugee Council.
"We cannot wait a minute more for a 
humanitarian ceasefire across Gaza for  
all of the civilian population there. And 
we cannot wait a minute more for a lifting  
of the siege, which is collective 
punishment of a million children."