Israeli fighter jets deployed by the dozen
carrying out retaliatory strikes on the Gaza
Strip throughout the day and into the night.
The Israeli Prime Minister - personally promising
there will be 'mighty vengence' - in retaliation
for yesterday's attacks.
This highly-produced video released by Hamas
- showing just how coordinated this offensive
was.
Its fighters - using paragliders to breach
the Israeli border and launch an unprecedented
air and land attack on multiple fronts.
A fight - in Hamas's words - to end Israeli
occupation.
The city of Sderot - less than a kilometre
over the border - witnessed hours of gunfighting.
Its streets - left littered with bodies.
As we're speaking, the situation in Israel
is still not fully under control.
There's still fighting undergoing in southern
Israel.
There are still Hamas terrorists inside Israel.
Some 3000 Israelis were at this desert rave
near the border when the fighters militants
crossed over.
Partygoers - seen running for their lives.
Hamas fighters were seen returning to Gaza
with Israeli hostages in tow.
Including this elderly woman - driven through
the city on a golf cart.
Israel says 'dozens' have been taken - Hamas
claims the number is 'much greater'.
The IDF says its airstrikes in Gaza are targetting
buildings that house Hamas assets.
But residential blocks have been hit too.
And civilians are among the bodies now piling
up in the city's hospitals and morgues.
Hamas sent another barrage of rockets over
the border in response to the airstrikes.
Passengers at Tel Aviv's Ben Gurion airport
- took cover on the tarmac - as rocket sirens
sounded overhead.
Hamas is claiming the fighting will soon spread
to Jerusalem and the West Bank - where Palestinians
rallied in support of the attacks.
Britain is saying that Israel has the right
to defend itself.
Well, fine.
What about the right of Palestinians to defend
themselves?
We are the ones who are under occupation.
We are the ones who are under siege.
We are the ones who were displaced.
The bloodiest escalation in decades - now
set to get bloodier.
getting worse by the minute.
Claudia Farhart, SBS World News.