-(Anchor) This time American movement
Let's look at it.
The United States promises further support to Israel
I also decided to send Secretary of State to the local area.
For more information, connect Washington
Let's listen.
Correspondent Kim Yong -tae, first President Biden
I strongly criticized Hamas, but from that content
Please tell me first.
-(Correspondent) The US support for Israel
You can see how big it is.
President Biden is in the second speech in three days
I went out.
Using words such as massacre and evil deeds
He criticized Hamas really strongly.
-(correspondent) Additional support for ammunition and interceptor weapons
I promised.
Already the third time with Prime Minister Netanyahu
While talking, Israel's counterattack is natural,
In a way that it was harder if it was like the United States
Said.
But democratic states are more likely to follow the law
I added that it was strong, but no matter how much I
Not even attacking civilians like Hamas
It seems to have meant it.
-(Anchor) And now our diplomatic minister
The Secretary of State also decided to send it to Israel.
What does this mean?
-(Correspondent) Local time 12 days in Israel
I will arrive.
Send the Secretary of State to the best support
I'm looking for a room.
At the same time, the United States is emergency in relation to blocking expansion.
The plan is also being established.
The meaning here is the Middle East High School
In all areas such as Ukraine and the Pacific Indian Pacific
This is possible because it is possible to respond simultaneously
Don't think about trying something
It is a warning.
-(Anchor) And I saw it earlier, but in Hamas
Among the hostages taken, there are Americans
The US government should also come up with this
There was also a voice, but the United States
How are you responding?
-(Correspondent) The United States has a collision of armed forces
In the process, 14 Americans were killed
I said.
But the number of hostages
I did not.
-(Correspondent) The US has hostage safety
As the top priority,
I said I will send it.
But the dispatch is not planned again
I drew a line.
It has been Washington so far.
-(Anchor) This time Israel's Hamas
It was attacked in advance that he was helpless to surprise
The failure of information that failed to capture signs is the most
It is considered a big reason.
