I urged the uprising.
This is SBS Kim Kyung -hee.
-(Anchor) Reduces innocent casualties
To prevent the wires from getting wider
The United States continues to move.
So the Israeli ground war plan will be reduced.
There may be such a story.
The content is connected to Washington, USA
Let's listen.
Correspondent Kim Yong -tae, Israel supports
Refrain from excessive retaliation, and this is the United States
I was in a position, but in fact, Israel's
The military operation plan may be a little different
Are you?
-(Correspondent) Of course, it is still possible
Step.
But President Biden is in Israel
In the return plane, an alternative to the ground warfare
I mentioned that I was discussing.
-(Correspondent) The United States is definitely on Israel.
I'm holding it, but I'm swept away by anger
I have been saying that it is not.
In this subtle pressure, the front ground battle
There is a prospect that it will be modified.
After the disaster of the Gaza District Hospital, the Middle East
When the ground battle begins,
Forces like Hezbola intervened, with two fronts
The worry of the United States that it might occur
Seems to.
Because of this
In the north, there is a ground war, but in the south
The method of removing only the target or the special forces
How to remove the Hamas Leadership
The back is being discussed.
-(Anchor) Any operation in the United States
In order to do so, the budget must be supported again.
I would do it, but how to discuss this
Is there?
-(Correspondent) President Biden is in Israel
The White House office on the evening evening
Sit on the desk of the decision and give large -scale support
I gave a speech to appeal.
-(Correspondent) If you can't stop it now,
The victory of Israel and Ukraine
It is also important for US security.
The total size is $ 100 billion, our money 130 trillion
More than a won, not only the support of war, but also
Humanitarian support budgets were also included.
Currently, the US House of Representatives is virtually paralyzed.
How quickly it can be handled
It is unknown.
It has been Washington so far.
-(Anchor) The hospital in the Gaza district
Hundreds of people were attacked and hundreds of people were killed
This time, there are shells in refugee villages and churches
