Israel, who was attacked by Iran, was reorganized
Painful that does not cause all -out war
It is said to be considering retaliation.
Iran's claim that the United States has informed the attack plan in advance.
The truth workshop related to 'pre -notification' is denied
It is open.
Dubai Excellence Correspondent.
The exhibition held on the 15th afternoon of Israel
In the cabinet, many retaliation methods have been discussed
The broadcast reported.
This exhibition cabinet meeting is just after Iran's attack
This is the second time after 14 days.
In a line that does not cause all -out war in many ways
In Iran, it is weighed on painful retaliation.
The broadcast said.
In particular, the US, such as the United States, will choose a way that does not oppose.
I expected it.
The need to respond clearly and strongly
It is said to have gathered opinions.
We look forward and consider the stage
there is.Of so many missiles and drones
Attacks on Israel will follow the response.
Will.
In the midst of this, Iran's air raid with neighboring countries 72 hours ago
He insisted that he had notified the United States in advance.
But the United States denied this, leaving the notice
There is a truth workshop.
(Iran) Attack on us or anyone else
I never informed me about timing, targets, and methods
doesn't exist.
Along with this, Iran's livestock garrison is a terrorist group.
The G7 countries that are not designated are considering designation
It is also said.
In the Gaza district, the return of the northern people
Rumors that are allowed to go to the north
The coastal road was a bustling.
(At home) Go back and live a normal life
I would like to.In humiliation for 6 months
I have lived.I want to go to the city.
I don't want anything else.
The testimony that the Israeli army was fired in this process
It came out, but the Israeli army went to the northern
Return is not allowed.
KBS News Excellence in Dubai.
Video editing: Han Mi -hee/Survey: Seo Ho -jeong
