Iran has predicted retaliation for large -scale air strikes in Iran.
Israel is a missile
The US and local media have been hit.
Connect to the Middle East Excellence Correspondent.
Reporter Woo, please give me more news.
The US ABC broadcast a little while ago
Iran has hit my target.
Iranian media also heard an explosion in Iran.
I conveyed it.
Three cause in Isfahan, south of Tehran Iran
There was a big explosion of unknown, and here, Ispahan
The airport is also included.
Iran closed the airspace right after the explosion was heard
Iranian officials said they operated the air defense network
I said.
Iran has flight flights in some cities.
I stopped.
In addition, many flights passing through Iranian airspace
I changed it.
In the area of Ispa, where the explosion is heard,
There are also reports that nuclear facilities are located.
there is.
Currently Israel and Iran are both early dawn.
Syrian media, as well as Iran, and Syria
In Iraq, the explosion was also heard.
Israel foretells it to retaliate in Iran.
Did you come?
Can I look at it as a rehabilitation?
This raid was previously attacked by Iran's mainland.
It is a fucking bird.
Iran has been drones and missiles since the 13th night
More than 350 times to the mainland of Israel
It was fired.
Iran's mainland attack is virtually
It was the first time.
At the time, the attacks were Hezbola, a pro -Iran armed group.
Huti rebels were also involved.
Israel strongly said it would retaliate later,
I have been thinking about timing and methods.
The international community is concerned about Israel's military retaliation
Although it has been pressured, in the end, Israel is the mainland of Iran.
It seems to have chosen the option of attack.
Iran also doubled when Israel attacked.
He said he would re -repair, and even if he was concerned about the entire warfare
It is coming out.
In particular, Iran, if the nuclear facility is attacked,
I warned that I would review it, but I heard the explosion sound today
Nuclear facilities are located around an Isfa
It is known and tension is at its peak.
So far, I have delivered it in Dubai.
Video editing: Seo Samhyun
Han Mi -hee/Graphics: Kang Min -soo/Survey: Seo Ho -jeong
