And she's, you know, just like, gosh, I'm 80 years old, you know,
circling the drain time to go at least get a couple of things done
on the bucket list at her 80th birthday party in her flower garden.
Carmen Epstein told family the exciting news.
She was treating herself to a trip to Israel
and do the things and not just kind of, you know,
fade off into the distance.
I mean, I think my mom wanted to just spend some more time doing some more stuff.
Her sons, Jay and Harvey now sit at her home in Boulder,
worried her bucket list idea came at the worst time.
Get stuck there
on the day of the, the biggest
war
that's been over there since 73 is, it's, it's really
as her son. It's really hard to sit here and, and stomach.
Carmen and her boyfriend, Bill arrived in Jerusalem last week.
It was just days before Israel declared war
on Hamas after a devastating attack from Gaza.
She said that there were sirens going off this morning.
So she's certainly not out of harm's way. She's super stuck.
I mean, you know, she, she's, I mean, these guys are scared to leave, you know,
the apartment, you know, they
sneak out and go get groceries, you know, every day or two,
multiple airlines are canceling flights in and out of the country.
The first flight they can get her out on isn't for another nine days.
So it's really frustrating. Frustrating,
says to see other countries evacuate citizens but not the US.
The government says it's not actively considering it right now.
Maybe if we make some awareness about this,
that we'll get some help in getting her out of the country,
every moment is spent on mom and making sure she gets back home safe.
Tensions are so high right now that it's terrifying.
Jay and Harvey say they're texting their mom every single day and
today they tried reaching out to her representative Congressman Joe Nagu.
They are waiting to see if he can help them in any way.
It must be so scary and a lack of control over the situation. Let's hope she gets back.
Yeah, they're just really praying.
You know, they have that flight for nine days,
but they would like to see her out a little bit sooner.
All right, Kelly. Thank you very much.