Israel-Hamas War news.
Israel rarely puts Hamas in the northern part of Gaza.
Although it has been dismantled, it is once again prolonged
I mentioned the possibility.
The threat of ships passing through the Red Sea
The pro -Iranian forces, Yemen Futi rebels, are in commercial ships.
Missile attack.
This is a report from a reporter.
Israeli troops were dismantled in the northern part of the Hamas Battalion.
It's almost complete, and now I'm focusing on the south
I said.
No matter how much it takes, it will remove the Hamas leadership
He reiterated that the war would be prolonged.
There is no magic solution to the dismantling of the terrorist organization,
There is no shortcut.Only firm and persistent
There is only a fight, and we are very firm.
Israeli troops
It will be converted from high intensity offensive to low intensity
Local media reports that are preparing
It came out.
The United States is precisely hitting Hamas in Israel.
We have been pressing the transition to low -intensity operations.
The Secretary of Defense, Israel, attended the National Assembly and war
From the beginning, not only the Gaza district, but also Lebanon and Yemen,
It is attacked by seven battlefields in the Middle East, including Iran.
He said he fought back in six places.
The pro -Iran who continues to threaten the ship passing through the Red Sea
Forces, Yemen's Huti rebels are MSC, a commercial vessel
Missile aimed at the United Lake
It was fired.
The target attack on the ship is in three times of our navy.
After ignoring calls and repetitive warnings
It was done.
MSC ships are a multinational ship in Switzerland
United 8 were attacked, but crew members
I confirmed that it was safe.
Huti rebels are also in the southern port of Israel
He insisted that he had attacked a self -explosive drone,
Israel flies from the Red Sea
The video was released, saying that the target was intercepted.
This is KBS News Flood.
Video editing: Seo Sam -hyun/Survey: Seo Hojeong
