For a better sense of how these classes 
on the Israel-Hamas conflict are 
conducted. Jeraldine Yap speaks with 3 
schools on the challenges that they had 
to overcome and the response received 
from both students and parents. 
And to all those secondary school 
preparations for lessons on the 
Israel-Hamas conflict began in January 
with the school management speaking 
first with the teachers. This was to 
ensure they were comfortable and able to 
conduct the lessons on what has long 
been a divisive subject matter. 
One of the hardest things that we had 
doing the school is too 
to come to the understanding that there 
is a spectrum of police. Right? So 
there's some good on one hand. They are 
students and teachers will few based 
only for the issue. On the other hand, 
there are students who don't have any 
feelings additional. Why should we care 
about the issue? So based on this range 
of starting points, you know, we had to 
be the think 12 among ourselves. How do 
we then bring everybody to a, you know, 
a more centrist position where we can 
helps if discussion. 
She to teachers handle each lesson with 
the Castle. 40 students. Some teachers 
had asked the school for materials to 
better understand the issue, but 
students have been receptive and there 
was little resistance to the course 
material. As for parents can sons. 
The school says it only received one 
call from a parent seeking clarity about 
what transpired in the lesson. 
The method of teaching is similar over 
at Tampa. Nice Meridian Junior College 
Sia. Each session comprised about 80 
students and a few teachers with smaller 
group discussions involving 4 to 5 
students. 
As we facilitated, we were very mindful 
of classroom dynamics, right, and that 
and really understanding the dynamics so 
that we didn't allow stronger and louder 
voices to take control of that 
discussion and drown out, you know, 
other voices. Another consideration that 
we had to factor in was ensuring that 
students who needed a little bit of time 
out had that opportunity for 
decompression and timeout space. 
Peaches also had to ensure students and 
the took fact checking in the course of 
their reading. And and this to call 
value such as social cohesion. As for 
the and the students, the discussions 
were a lot more guided. 
Well, 