Right now,
MS U Denver students are joining nationwide protests in support of Palestinians.
90 supporter, Courtney Yu joins us live now from Tivoli quad Courtney.
This has been going on for days.
As you can see here,
the protesters are asking the university to divest out
of interest in Israel in a new statement overnight.
MS U Denver says it's supporting the students right to protest
but emphasized campus policy when it comes to peacefully assembling,
roughly 40 people were arrested on Friday
when students camped there to demonstrate.
In the statement, MS U Denver's president said the encampment might
mean events are canceled roads close and other disruptions on campus.
The university also says they pose health and safety risks since
the Aara campus does not have public facilities available 24 7
protester Ace winters with the students
for democratic society says they don't plan
on leaving until the university meets their demands of divesting out of Israel.
They say they oppose genocide and apartheid.
We have comrades who have family in Gaza
in the West Bank
and you know, it's, it's very,
it can be imaginary for some people because it's just on their screens.
But we are working with the people who it's their family, you know,
it's real for them and it's just as real for us.
Student protesters say they are making sure they are conducting themselves safely
and making sure all students have all the supplies they need.
The university says it wants to remind
everyone of their policy against camping and are
coordinating with our
leaders and law enforcement to help.
The statement said in part, quote,
MS U Denver leaders have been coordinating closely with
a Arar
leaders,
the governor and mayor and how to best balance our free speech values
with our duty to keep the campus safe for uninterrupted academic activities.
Now,
protests have been springing up all across
the nation beginning at Columbia University and
we'll be here keeping an eye on the protests here live in Denver Courtney.