Israel is even in opposition from the international community, such as the United States
A large scale while raising the southernmost Lafa at the southernmost part of the Gaza district
Concerns about casualties continue.
Rescuing two hostages who were kidnapped by Israeli troops
The release of the hostage release in the middle of the video released
There are also reports that it will resume.
Dubai Excellence Correspondent.
Armed Israeli soldiers carefully
It comes out.
The Israeli army revealed that it rescued two hostages.
This is a video.
It's been 128 days since kidnapped.
Is it cold?Do you need a blanket?
It is warm from the heart.
Israel again rescued hostage through military operations.
I emphasized.
This rescue operation is a Lafa
The importance of ground operations in the Gaza district
Emphasize.
In the southernmost part of the Gaza District, Rafa, a violent bombing overnight
It was followed.
Even in the international community, Israel eventually
Large scale while attacking Rapa, a passage for relief delivery
Civilian damage is concerned.
Hamas is nearly 100 people with this attack
He died and three hostages died
I insisted.
There are children and women, where should I go?
Even now, I am sleeping on the tent on the road.
When the missile comes, we will die right away.
Iran's Rafa raids in the Israeli army
He said it would lead to war crimes and humanitarian disasters
Strongly condemned.
In the meantime, the ceasefire negotiations will resume in Egypt.
There was also a report.
Egypt and Qatar, as well as the United States, and the United States
To participate and continue to discuss the hostage and temporary ceasefire.
Plan.
The United States conducts hostage negotiations between Israel and Hamas
It is in.At least 6 weeks on the Gaza district
It will bring immediate and persistent tranquility.
However, if the ground operation in Rafa is in full swing,
Concerns continue to affect negotiations
there is.
KBS News Excellence in Dubai.
Video editing: Kim Chul/Survey: Lee Soo -ah
