The U.S. House plans to hold separate 
votes on aid for Israel and Ukraine  
this week, according to Republican 
Speaker Mike Johnson on Monday.
This comes after months of Republican 
divisions have delayed aid.
But pressure on the GOP to act 
appears to have ramped up after  
Iran’s weekend missile and drone attack on Israel.
Johnson cited ‘precipitating events around 
the globe’ when speaking to reporters Monday.
“We know that the world is watching us to see 
how we react. We have terrorists and tyrants  
and terrible leaders around the world like Putin 
and Xi and in Iran. And they're watching to see  
if America will stand up for its allies and in 
our own interests around the globe. And we will.”
Johnson said the House will break 
down the aid into four bills.
Three include aid to Israel, Ukraine,  
U.S. allies in the Indo-Pacific and 
U.S. national security priorities.
The makeup of the fourth 
was not immediately clear.
Johnson says the new House bills will 
provide roughly the same amount of  
foreign aid as a Senate one that House 
Republicans stalled earlier this year,  
which is roughly $95 billion, but differs 
by including some aid in the form of a loan.
And Johnson expects the vote 
to come by the end of the week.
GOP House Majority Leader Steve 
Scalise voiced support for the aid,  
and cited Iran’s recent attack.
“If you just look at what we did to help 
Israel to shoot down the rockets and drones,  
those were a lot of American assets that were 
used. So we need to replenish our own supply.”
House Speaker Johnson also faces a 
threat from hard-right Republicans  
to oust him if he allows Ukraine aid to go ahead.
On Monday, Republican hardliner 
group the House Freedom Caucus  
released a statement calling for 
aid to Israel, but not to Ukraine.
They rejected any suggestion the recent attack on  
Israel would ease the path 
towards more funds to Kyiv.
Top House Democrat Hakeem Jeffries also 
wrote to his caucus on Monday, urging  
the need to support both Ukraine and Israel.
Meanwhile, Ukraine appealed again to its 
allies on Monday for “extraordinary and bold  
steps” to boost its air defenses, after Russian 
attacks on its energy system in recent weeks.