The Indonesian government plans to send a hospital ship with
complete and sophisticated facilities operated by the Indonesian Navy to help
civilian victims in the Gaza region of Palestine. Indonesia plans to send
a hospital ship to Palestine to help overcome the humanitarian crisis there
and currently the navy has three ships. One of the hospitals
is the Ki Dr Riman Wed Wallerat like the one behind
me. This is what the hospital ship actually
looks like. Follow me. Judging from the external appearance of the KRI Dr
Rajiman Wedyio Dingerat, this is similar to an amphibious serku ship or landing
plate from a dog, but it is an artificial ship. PTpal's domestic shipyard was
specifically designed as a hospital ship. As a hospital ship,
the treatment facilities on this ship are very complete. Kerry Dr. Rajiman
has two emergency rooms, an operating room, an ICU room and an HCU, a
specialist clinical laboratory room and so on. This ship even has a CT room.
The scan capacity of this hospital ship reaches 124 beds, but in
an emergency it can be increased by installing beds on the tank deck
or helid deck so that in total it can accommodate up to 500
patients. As a special hospital ship, the air circulation on this ship has also been
arranged so that there is no mixing. with a crew room, the ship even
has its own hospital processing plant and is capable of
producing medical oxygen independently. We feel like we're on the deck. Well, in this
deck, the emergency room, especially for patients or victims, will come via land.
That means we transport them by ambulance and direct them to here and there, direct
it here, direct it here, by air, on Deck 3 of the helicopter,
there is an emergency room there, there is an emergency room too. So there are two emergency rooms. Ki Dr. Rimen also has
a helipad that can accommodate two medium-sized helicopters.
This ship even has two ambulance boats with The equipment is quite complete like
an ambulance on land, so evacuation and assistance to patients can
be done quickly. This ship, which was just inaugurated last January,
has 163 crew members. Under normal conditions, the ship can carry 16
health personnel, but if necessary, the KRI Driman can carry 150
health workers, such as Jakarta doctors and nurses