French President Emmanuel Macron opened the 
door on Monday to sending troops to Ukraine,  
after a meeting with European leaders 
that aimed to send Moscow a message  
of Western resolve over support for Kyiv.
Speaking to reporters after the talks, Macron 
said while no consensus was reached on deployment,  
France could not rule out a potential later need 
for it to ensure Russia does not win the war.
"We should not exclude that there might be a 
need for security, which then justifies some  
elements of deployment. But I've told you very 
clearly what France maintains as its position,  
which is a strategic ambiguity that I stand by. 
Nothing should be excluded to pursue our goals."
Later, Slovakia's prime minister 
said several Nato and EU members  
were considering sending soldiers 
to Ukraine on a bilateral basis.
However, a White House official told Reuters 
that the United States had no plans to send  
troops to fight in Ukraine and that there 
were no plans to send Nato troops either.
The meeting in Paris was called 
by Macron to discuss how to ramp  
up material support for Ukraine, 
as French advisers warned of what  
they called an escalation in Russian 
aggression over the past few weeks.
Some 20 European leaders, as well as British  
foreign minister David Cameron and a 
representative from the US, took part.
The talks led to progress on a Czech-led 
initiative to buy ammunition from third countries.
Macron said France would back 
the plan and that a coalition to  
speed up delivery of long-range 
missiles had also been agreed.
While Dutch Prime Minister 
Mark Rutte told reporters,  
the Netherlands will contribute 100 
million euros to the initiative.
"There was a great sense of urgency 
particularly for the short term,  
of ammunition and of air defence."
In his nightly public address, Ukraine's 
President Volodymyr Zelensky said he also  
took part in the meeting by video link, 
saying the main topic was to discuss how  
to beef up the country's "resilience and 
capabilities", including its arsenal.