We see a wave
Er Halsa's.
Ma why he didn't.
- Mm-hmm
That's what it's all about
The families are really on the air Alive and surfing
He has abductees demanding every humanitarian entrance to the cross
The Red Cross's visit to the Dom is not that basic
Not basic We're gonna change the head of the eye
Appreciate you. I can't figure it out
I don't get it
Unrelated entry Now we don't get into politics
He's our representative. I don't get it. I don't.
Understand this dark red humanitarian entry No, I'm not
Basic is not basic to know how many there are not bases there
241 I wish it would end in 21 I really don't.
You understand This is where the world is silent
They're getting unitary trucks. No problem
That the red turtle will enter every entrance
And he will What happens to our children is what happens
With the women what happens with the elders where it can
Be one truck One kidnapper wouldn't come
29 days 100 100 beaches are entered on this day
One a day
But you're that You about I demand more
That's what I am
I owe you a ton
Something is. We're here with Geller who came here
The dead god comes to talk every time
With him there are also calls in Zevan there are calls of a witness
Now her nose is gone I know
A few words have just come to the families of the kidnapped
You hear that
The voices of
This is not the time for ideas Working
And I came to embrace all the families
Time what you hear from what people tell you
Here what
The feelings
[Music]
A conversation Rejection as to everything
You will have to deal with the issue of one side of the issue
They say fuel after that
There is no ignorance
For families
I didn't come to the idea of communication. I came to talk to
Families and embrace
Same last word wave before you go to the Sorra
- Something For the families you want to say, we're operating
Round the clock with the best minds and the best powers
To get everyone home, there is a mesa And negotiation
You're not closing up
Al-Jazeera because you trust the engines
The release of the kidnapped was successful
Salih got it A blow to the knee is now coming from a government representative
Embrace what this thing is. It's got a job
He has to work and try as much That can be released
This is what I came to embrace and who he hugged
Did you go there and hug what a hug is This one
