Israeli settlements in the occupied Palestinian 
territories have expanded by a record amount,  
the UN human rights office 
said on Friday (March 8).
The scale of the expansion risks 
eliminating any practical possibly  
of a Palestinian state, according to UN 
rights officials who compiled a report.
Head of the UN Human Rights Office in 
the Occupied Palestinian Territory,  
Ajith Sunghay, told Reuters that the policies 
of the Israeli government appeared to target  
expanding long-term Israeli control over 
the West Bank, including East Jerusalem.
"We remind Israel that the transfer of the 
population of an occupying power into occupied  
territory, or the forcible transfer of the 
population within or from occupied territory,  
or the annexation of territory by use of 
force are all strictly prohibited – officials  
and others involved in such conduct 
risk individual criminal liability."
The report documented 24,300 new Israeli housing 
units in the occupied West Bank during a one-year  
period to October 2023, which it said was 
the highest since monitoring began in 2017.
It added that there had been a dramatic increase 
in tensity, severity and regularity of both  
Israeli settler and state violence against 
Palestinians in the occupied West Bank...
...particularly since the deadly 
Hamas attacks on Israel on Oct 7.
Israel, which captured the West 
Bank in the 1967 Middle East war,  
claims a biblical birthright to the 
land where settlements are expanding.
Its military says it is conducting 
counter-terrorism operations in the  
West Bank and is targeting suspected militants.
Israel's diplomatic mission in Geneva said that  
the report should have included 
the deaths of 36 Israelis in 2023.
It said in a statement that "Israeli 
victims of Palestinian terrorism" are  
ignored by the Office of the High 
Commissioner time and time again.
The five-month-old Gaza war has put a 
renewed focus on a two-state solution to  
the Israeli-Palestinian conflict as foreseen 
by the Oslo accords from the early 1990s.
But there has been little progress on 
achieving Palestinian statehood since then,  
with the expansion of settlements 
being one of the obstacles.