-(Anchor) The gunshot stopped for a while in the terrible battlefield.
It is only 46 days of war outbreak.
Not long.
If you stop engaging for four days and Hamas releases 50 hostages, Israel is prisoner.
This is a condition that over 150 people.
After that, the truce period is extended for every 10 hostages.
First of all, reporter Yoon Sung -cheol will tell you.
-(Reporter) There were more than 240 hostages that were taken at the time of Hamas's surprise attack on the 7th of last month.
Many of them are elderly people, such as children, women, and the elderly, so public opinion has been broken.
Israel is a four -day truce at the end of the six -hour marathon meeting until dawn.
I agreed.
It is only 46 days of war outbreak.
If Hamas releases 50 hostages for four days, Israel is the Palestinian prisoner
It is the goal of this agreement to over 150 people.
Every time Hamas releases 10 more hostages, the armistice period is extended a day.
However, the exchange target is limited to women and children.
-(Interview) A three -year -old baby is held hostage on Gaza.
The three children were kidnapped at once.
I wish you to be with your mother at this moment.
-(Reporter) There was no time to stop the engagement, but it is likely to be 23 days right away.
I see it.
At the beginning of the ceasefire, hundreds of relief trucks entered and civilian movements
It is allowed.
The ceasefire agreement was possible because of the interests of Israel and Hamas.
As Israel, the civilian sacrifice continued in the process of occupying the northern part of the northern occupation.
It was a situation that needed worsening humanitarian decisions.
Hamas, who was virtually destroyed in the northern part and fled to the south, time to reorganize his power.
I was eagerly needed.
-(Interview) We will try to ensure that the hostage exchange can be done as soon as possible.
I hope children, women and babies will return to their loved ones.
-(Reporter) When the temporary ceasefire was completed, I called 13 times to Prime Minister Netanyahu.
The US Biden's role in calling for hostage negotiations was a big role.
The United States, which originally announced the full support of Israel, criticized civilian damage.
As public opinion grew, it has been pressing to stop engaging.
This is MBC News Yoon Sung -chul.
