Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu on  
Wednesday rejected Hamas's 
proposal for a ceasefire...
... saying at a news conference that 
total victory in Gaza was within reach...
... adding that success was not a question of 
years or decades, but a matter of months...
and pledging to destroy the Palestinian 
Islamist group that held sway in the  
densely-populated and now war-shattered enclave.
Hamas had proposed a ceasefire of 
four-and-a-half months, during which  
the militants would release all the remaining 
Israeli hostages - or the bodies - of those  
kidnapped during an Oct. 7 rampage through 
Israeli communities that left 1200 dead.
In exchange, Hamas demanded Israel 
withdraw its troops from the Gaza Strip,  
followed by an agreement on an end to the war.
But Israel has repeatedly ruled out anything 
other than a temporary ceasefire to effect  
the return of captives, or that 
leaves Hamas in control of Gaza.
The Hamas offer, the contents of 
which were first reported by Reuters,  
is a response to an earlier proposal 
drawn up by American and Israeli spy  
chiefs and delivered to Hamas last 
week by Qatari and Egyptian mediators.
Israel responded to the Oct. 7 attack with a 
devastating air and ground operation inside  
the Gaza Strip, which Palestinian 
health officials say has killed  
more than 27,000 people and displaced 
most of Gaza's 2.3 million residents.
The onslaught was interrupted but once, when 
a seven-day truce allowed for the release of  
more than 100 captives in exchange for scores 
of Palestinian prisoners held in Israeli jails.
Netanyahu's rejection of the Hamas offer 
comes after an intense diplomatic effort  
to reach a negotiated pause in the fighting. 
The Israeli leader met earlier in the day with  
U.S. Secretary of State Antony Blinken, 
where they discussed the Hamas proposal.
A senior Hamas official told 
Reuters Netanyahu's rejection  
showed the Israeli leader intended 
to pursue conflict in the region.
Another senior Hamas member said 
the group would send a delegation  
to Cairo on Thursday to pursue further 
ceasefire talks with Egypt and Qatar.