-(Anchor) We will deliver news of the Middle East.
Israel predicted retaliation for Iran
In the middle, Iran's nuclear principles at the origin
He said he could review it.
In the meantime, Israel will attack the nuclear facility.
If they would respond equally,
I warned.
I am a reporter.
-(Reporter) Israel's retaliation for Iran
Preliminary and timing and methods
Iran is known to be known as Iran
I opened my mouth about the possibility of review.
Israel nuclear as a means of pressing Iran
If you attack the facility,
It will change the principles of non -nuclear weapons and the principles of unused
I can.
-(Reporter) If Iran also attacked Israel,
Their nuclear facilities are also advanced weapons
He warned that he would be retaliated.
Hagalab's Nuclear Security Commander
Remarks on Israel's rebellion
To use the program militaryly
It is interpreted to mean that it can be reviewed.
While Israel avoided all -out war
Notice that it will retaliate with a painful response
In the meantime, the assassination of Iranian factors and nuclear facilities
Destruction, etc. are mentioned as a response method
came.
In 2003, Iran's top leader Hamenei
Nuclear weapons have declared unused principles and unused principles
there is.
In 2015,
Nuclear programs with six countries including Germany
In exchange for freezing or reducing, the United States, the UN,
The European Union, etc.
He also signed a nuclear agreement.
However, the US president at the time of Trump in 2018
By unilaterally destroying the nuclear agreement
After declaring the withdrawal of Iran, the International Atomic Energy Agency
Uranium concentrated map with a proposal to the IAEA
It has been increasing to 60%.
In the meantime, the United States produces Iran's drone
16 individuals who made possible and 12 companies, etc.
Sanctions aimed at the steel and automobile industry
I announced.
SBS hand standard.
-(Anchor) Korea Land and Housing Corporation ordered
Bribery during the apartment supervision review process
