Temporary ceasefire and hostage negotiations between Israel and Hamas
A high -ranking US White House official said
I conveyed it.
However, both sides of Israel and Hamas have the authenticity of negotiations.
The final negotiations because there is a conflict with the conflict
There are many mountains to overcome until the conclusion.
I am a correspondent in Paris.
Temporary ceasefire and hostage negotiations between Israel and Hamas
In relation, related countries have reached an agreement in a large framework.
It is handed down.
Jake Sullivan, the US White House National Security Advisor
On the 25th of the local time, I appeared in the US local broadcasting media
I said this.
Currently, four countries including Israel, the United States, Egypt and Qatar
Representatives related to the release and ceasefire in Paris, France
Negotiation is in progress.
Sullivan's assistant
Continuing negotiations in terms of deriving
I said it was.
Ultimately, Hamas must agree with the release of hostages.
Indirectly through Qatar and Egypt
I explained that the discussion is in progress.
In addition
The negative position on the ground operation policy
I said.
We can protect civilians and rescue them safely
If there is no clear and executable plan
Operation in Rafa, that is, major military operations
It has been clear that it should not be in progress.
However, Hamas said,
We started negotiations at the point of demand, and it is still
It is too early to say that he gave up
I saw it.
Then, if Hamas comes to a reasonable situation,
Even though the hostages will be able to return home
It is not clear whether the negotiations will actually be settled.
Said.
In this regard, Hamas senior management is
The remarks are questioned about Israel's willingness to negotiate
I evaluated it.
In this way, the two sides have a confrontation even during the negotiation process.
Difficulties in the final negotiations while establishing
It is expected.
This is KBS News Andayoung in Paris.
Video editing: Yang Jung -jeong/Data Survey: Seohojeong
