-(Anchor) Monday Monday Monday Monday Wide on October 23
Start.
-(Anchor) The war between Israel and Hamas is around
With concerns that it will grow to the area
Israel has been in a strong warning.
First, Lebanese armed with Iran's support
I aimed at the group Hezbola.
-(Anchor) Prime Minister Netanyahu is Hezbola
When you get into war, the biggest mistake in your life
It will be that it will be, and in return
He said he would be destroyed.
This is the first news reporter.
-(Reporter) Large fireworks between black smoke
It rises over the sky.
Night on the 22nd of the local time
It was followed.
Israel's air strikes preparing for ground warfare
In the last day of the Gaza district,
The Gaza District Health Ministry said that more than 260 people were killed
I insisted.
Towards Egypt in the south of the Gaza district
Some of the Egyptian troops on Israeli army
I was injured.
The Israeli army aimed at the head of Hamas
At the same time
Jordan River West Bank Aviation, Hezbola
Levanon, Iran's weapon karate
In four ways to Syriana Airport, the base
We are offering an offensive.
Especially Israeli Prime Minister Netanahu
I can't imagine when I participated in Hezbola
He warned him to attack.
-(Reporter) Yohab Galant Israel
Defense Minister is the last ground operation of the Gaza District.
Up to three months to say that it must be an operation
I predicted that it could continue.
In the midst of this, 17 trucks carrying relief supplies
Let's go through the Rafa Checkpoint and go to Earth
I came in.
Twenty trucks came in two weeks before the day before
It's the second time.
-(Reporter) But more than 2 million people
Compared to the number of residents,
It is level.
The tank with the first fueled tank
It was captured by the camera nearby, but Israel
The side is in the UN fuel reservoir in the Gaza district
It is a car that has been transported to the hospital
It is not true.
This is SBS Jung Joon -ho.
-(Anchor) The US government will be expanding war.
Defense weapons in the Middle East in preparation for possibilities
Placing the system and dispatching additional troops
