-(Anchor) Even though I built all the apartments in Jeju
There is no one who wants to come in there
There is an increasing number of empty houses.
The apartment sale price is the second highest after Seoul
It is expensive enough and once again in Jeju
Real estate investors who have gathered
It's easy to find someone who wants to buy a house because it's worse.
not.
Reporter Lee Ho -gun covered the scene.
-(Reporter) I started moving in early 2022
100 -generation apartment complex in Hankyung -myeon, Jeju.
Just in front of the uphill and even in Jeju English Education City
10 minutes by car.
Demands to see the city of provincial park in the distance
It was expected to be crowded.
But even after two years of moving in
It is empty near -(reporter) beach
This apartment of Aewol -eup, built on the hill, is also
The same is true.
It has been over a year since it was completed, but of 41 households
25 households are unsold.
As of February, Jeju's unsold homes
More than 2,400 households.
Among them, after completion, called malicious unsold
There are more than 1,200 unsold homes, half of the total
It's possible.
It is the highest ever, which is 61%more than a year ago
See more than other provinces such as Busan or Daegu
High.
Jeju population is 1.3%of the total, but malignant unsold
The ratio is 10.3%nationwide
Of the 10 homes that are built throughout the country
One is in Jeju.
-(Reporter) Jeju's empty house problem is toxic
It is noticeable because of the expensive sale price.
Even though the construction cost is rising, the island area
Due to the nature of the logistics cost such as material transportation cost
In addition, as of February, the average sale price of Jeju Island
It soared to 7.57,000 won, Seoul from all over the country
The next high.
-(Reporter) If you think it's going to go up even if it's expensive
It will be a deal, but new demand is missing
It is a state.
Jeju Jeju, which was over 1,100 cases in 2021
Apartment trading volume was 361 cases last year, 3 minutes
1
-(Reporter) The bad news, such as high interest rates, is still
And Jeju's preferences are also slow and empty houses
The problem is that there is a great communist to worsen.
This is SBS Lee Ho Gun.
-(Anchor) Two months after major doctors left the hospital
It has passed close.
