The residents of the district went to the ground war over three weeks
The United Nations warned that I was in danger of starving to die
I went out.
Israeli troops can attack the southern region.
Not long after it was publicly revealed
There was a claim that it bombed.
I'm Huh Hyo -jin.
Due to Israel's continued ground operations
The Gaza district has turned into a ruin.
The street is full of garbage and water is contaminated.
The food is almost all in the store.
Gaza District Pyranians are 800,000 in more than 150 shelters
There are more than people.
What happened to us?Water, electricity
doesn't exist.Sleeping on the floor and children suffer
there is.What can you say anymore?
The United Nations will provide enough food and water to the piranians.
"The piranians can starve and die right away
I faced the situation. ”
As winter approaches, the disease can spread quickly
There is also concern that there is.
Diarrhea and respiratory infectious diseases in a large shelter
It's spreading faster than expected.
Hospitals and clinics in the Gaza district are also in short fuel
For reasons, most of them are closed.
140,000 liters of fuel every two days on the Gaza district.
I decided to bring it in, but it's not too short.
In the meantime,
The Israeli troops bombed the housing in the southern region.
Local media claims came out.
26 people were killed by this bombing, and most of them
The media said it was a child.
The Israeli army publicly revealed its intention to attack the southern
It's a time after a day.
We decided to advance the operation.
Where Hamas is located, including the southern region
I will attack any place.The most suitable for the military
It will proceed under time, place, and conditions.
Israeli troops and four southern areas on the 15th
In small towns, residents to evacuate immediately
I sprayed a flyer.
Meanwhile, Pope Francis is in Hamas next week.
Meet the detained hostage family.
The Pope is the humanitarian release of the hostage and the humanitarian
We have urged to allow support.
This is KBS News Huh Hyo -jin.
Video editing: Missionary Hwan -hwan Yang Jung -jeong/Survey: Choi Jung -yoon
