The expansion of the Middle East has increased
The key Israel is prudent
This is the appearance of the United States
Bypassing to Israel
Washington continued to appease and pressure
Let's talk more about the connection
Jung Ho -hyun
This is a correspondent, Washington, at this point
The biggest interest is that Israel
If you want to retaliate, if so
What level to attack Iran
Collect
According to Israel's actions,
Even if you think it's running, there's a big crowd
I don't think there will be a question.
Local reports in Israel may be
It came out
In line, Iran has a painful retaliation
It is said that it is weighted
It's hard inside Israel
With the lines of voice, the international community
Concerns affect the response method
I'm going crazy.
Name local time 15 days, Israeli
Wall Street, USA
The journal reported. Local time is now
Because I entered the dawn of the 16th
Even now, Israel's trouble continues
With
I can see the American atmosphere.
Iran is in the United States raising Israel
There was a report that it was informed.
Reuters
I reported that Iran through Truki
I notified the operation.
He was delivered to the United States.
I did it.
I hits my hand that I have never received it.
Johnker Evil National Security Communication Center
Let's listen to the State Department spokesman
There was a briefing of the same content and
The Ministry of Defense is also similar
I continued the briefing
The US implicitly approves the bombing
Some of these criticisms came out
U.S.
In a hurry to evolve into this situation
It will be interpreted as a thing
There was no prior coordination with the United States
On the other hand, the United States and Iran
The tension in the Middle East without not wanting war
The existing position is hoped to be alleviated.
Today again through various paths
I emphasized the Secretary of State Tony Bling Concan
[music]
Yes, the United States is about Iran's attack
Congress emphasizing effective defense performance
To support Israel and Ukraine
It is also called for the prompt legislation
So far, Yonhap News in Washington
This is Jung Ho -yoon
