-(Anchor) This is the following news.
Let's first watch this video.
-(Anchor) It's not a scene in the movie
This is what the robot did.
The company that created the generated AI chat GPT
In collaboration with robot startups, people like this
I made a robot that resembles.
People asked me to eat, and several things
Among the apologies that can be eaten so accurately
I pick it up and hand it.
It's not just about understanding words, but by yourself
Until inferring and judging and acting like a person
I do it.
This human noid robot worldwide
The development is fierce in development, and this development
The evaluation that it will be a turning point
It comes out.
Reporter Hong Young -jae reported.
-(Reporter) The artificial intelligence technology of open AI
Humanoid robot that announced that it was mounted.
-(Reporter) Exactly asking you to eat
I picked up an apple.
-(Reporter) This time, action and reasoning together
I asked.
-(Reporter) Choose the garbage correctly and in the basket
In the past,
I explained the reason for the action.
-(Reporter) He did what he did in the past
I organized and evaluated it.
-(Reporter) Open AI is visual to this robot.
Provided reasoning and language understanding skills and figures
AI has a fast and agile robot motion technology
I implemented it.
The figure AI side is after the robot listens to the instructions.
He emphasized that he did everything.
Even considering that it is a pilot model, artificial intelligence
While the robot installed with a person communicated with a person
Showing that various demands can be carried out
It is.
-(Reporter) In addition to open AI, Microsoft,
Amazon and NVIDIA are about this figure AI
We have invested 870 billion won.
Korean companies such as Samsung, Hyundai Motor, and LG are also
We are acquiring robot companies in succession, but AI
The implemented robot is the biggest of Daum Big Tech Companies
Foretelling that it will be a competitive field
there is.
This is SBS Hong Young -jae.
-(Anchor) AI developing this rapidly
In the near future, human life
