Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said Israel 
was "striking at our enemies with unprecedented  
might" on Friday, and emphasised 
that "this is just the beginning.”
Israeli infantry made their first raids into the 
Gaza Strip Friday and vowed to annihilate Hamas  
after its fighters stormed through towns 
and villages in southern Israel last week,  
killing 1,300 Israelis, mainly civilians, 
and making off with scores of hostages.
Netanyahu added, “Our enemies have only begun  
paying the price. And I won't 
detail what is yet to come."
So far troops backed by tanks have mounted 
raids to attack Palestinian rocket crews and  
sought information about the location of hostages 
according to an Israeli military spokesperson.
This follows air strikes that Gaza 
authorities say killed nearly 2,000 people.
On Friday Israel gave more than a 
million residents of the northern  
half of Gaza 24 hours to flee to 
the south to avoid an onslaught.
Hamas vowed to fight to the last drop 
of blood and told residents to stay.
[ANTONIO GUTERRES, UN SECRETARY 
GENERAL]: “The situation in Gaza  
has reached a dangerous new low.”
Meanwhile, UN Secretary General Antonio 
Guterres warned of a disaster if so many  
people were forced to flee, and said the siege 
of the enclave should be lifted to let in aid.
“We need immediate humanitarian access 
throughout Gaza so that we can get fuel,  
food and water to everyone in 
need. Even wars have rules.”
Earlier, a UN spokesperson said it 
would be impossible for Gazans to  
obey Israel's relocation order without 
"devastating humanitarian consequences."
Israel responded that the UN should condemn 
Hamas and support Israel's right to self-defence.
Tens of thousands are estimated to have fled south  
in Gaza after the notice to 
evacuate, the UN said Friday.
Gaza authorities said 70 people were 
killed and 200 were wounded when Israel  
struck cars and trucks carrying people fleeing.
Reuters could not independently 
verify the reported incident.