Iran's midnight in response to the bombing of its consulate
Unmanned and missiles to the mainland of Israel
The Middle East anxiety is growing as it fires.
Iran is no longer a response from Israel
He said he would not attack, but the Cabinet of the Israeli Exhibition
The ministers have consensus on the reorganization policy.
It was formed.
Dubai Excellence Correspondent.
Israel is a late night of Iran
He said he had 99 percent of large attacks.
Unprecedented defense in Iran's unprecedented attack
It was done.In the Middle East with partners
This is the time I fought against the threat of Iran and his agent.
It was the first time.
Earlier, Iran was the next day from the 13th of the local time
A large attack on Israel until dawn
I did it.
Israeli troops
350 drones, cruise missiles, ballistic missiles
I found out that I fired back.
There were also 60 tons of warheads and explosives
Added.
Retaliation in 12 days after the bombing of Iranians in Syria
Attack.
Siren rings throughout Israel and evacuation orders
It was also off.
Guidance to evacuate to safety areas so that it is not dangerous
The letter came.In case I live
I was nervous about falling.
However, Iran does not want to expand and Israel
If there is no response, there is no new attack
I did.
From our point of view, this attack is over.this
There is no intention of performing more operations.
The key is to respond to Israel's counterattack
Water level.
Many retaliation in the exhibition cabinet held in the afternoon
I was in favor of the policy, but for the time and intensity
It is said that opinions are mixed.
Israel predicted a strong response
there is.
As Israel opens up the possibility of retaliation
Iran has a major airport flight operation until the morning of the 15th.
Canceled.
In addition, Western countries recommending their own departure from their own people
It is increasing.
KBS News Excellence in Dubai.
Video editing: In -Young Lee/Survey: Seo Hojeong
