The war between Israel and Hamas is tension in the Middle East
In the midst of increasing, helpless during the weekend
There was a conflict.
Anti -supported by Israel, the United States and Iran
Israeli forces, so -called 'the axis of resistance' and Syria
Conflicted in Lebanon.
The United States is about the Yemen rebel Huti, which threatens the Red Sea.
He said he would attack until he lost his attack ability
I said.
Reporter of the flooding reporter.
Local time 20 days in Syria's capital, Damascus
Iran Revolutionary Guards due to missile attacks on buildings
At least five people, including senior officials, were killed.
Iran pointed to Israel behind it and retaliated
I announced it.
On the same day, in Lebanon, Israel and pro -Iran armed waves
Hezbollah exchanged and received an attack.
From Lebanon Mawahin to Israel's drone air strikes
At least two people were killed, and Hez Ballado wasrael
We attacked the base.
The US Army Air Force Base in Iraq is pro -Iran
We have been attacked by armed forces.
The so -called 'resistance of resistance', which is supported by Iran,
Israel collided with the United States.
In the Red Sea, Iran Yemen Yemen rebel Futi continues to go to the merchant ship
It is threatening.
The United States provides Huti's advanced weapons
He said he would attack until he eliminated his attack ability
It has been revealed again and again.
Over time, Huti can attack as often as it is now
Destroy the amount of reserve (Huti's weapon)
It will take time.
The United States has been home to Huti for more than 10 days since the 11th.
I bombed my back, but Huti's threat continued
there is.
In the midst of this, the Prime Minister of Israel Netanyahu
In return for the release of hostages, surrender to Israel.
He said he asked for a complete refusal
Said.
Hamas preempt Israel on October 7 last year.
Excuse of attacking and causing war
I published a document.
Hamas in a 16 -page long document
To the plot of Israel against Palestine
It was necessary to respond, but the mistake
He added.
This is KBS News Flood.
Video editing: Yang Jung -jeong/Data Survey: Seohojeong
