-(Anchor) Everyone, how are you?
Israel is on the ground forces
I went into.
Residents who do not move to the southern part of the Gaza district
Israel said that it would be considered a terrorist
There was also a report of warning.
Even in the international community that it will be a disaster
Israel is in all directions to Lebanon and Syria.
As I went on an air striking, my strong will before the ground
I see it.
This is the first news reporter.
-(Reporter) The moving car stops
As soon as he enters the sight, he will soon be in the flame.
Israeli army is on Hezbollah's rocket gun attack
He said he bombed the Lebanese border area
This is a video released.
Hezbola and he has been in solidarity in Hamas
The Israeli army has a fierce battle
Six Hezbola crews were killed.
-(Reporter) Hezbola is already at the center of the war
Israel is on the ground
If you attack, you will pay for expensive price.
I warned.
Heaz Bola concerns about the expansion of intervention
It is becoming a reality.
When the Israeli troops go to the south,
Residents will be considered a terrorist
There was also a foreign media report that warned.
-(Reporter) Israeli army is a head of Hamas
Doubling the Gaza Earth raids for disabling
Jordan River West Bank District Mosque in 20 years
Iran in Lebanon, the head of the hezbola
Four airports in Syria, a weapon airborne base
We have an offensive in the direction.
Preliminary suspension for the ground forces in the Gaza district
Part of the work.
Since the opening of the last 7 days,
Only 20,000 people in the Gaza district
Opened to find a peaceful solution in the middle
The Cairo Peace Conference is without any achievements
It's done.
Drone attack continues in Iraq's US military base
As the luck becomes thicker, the United States is in the Middle East
Sad is placed in a high -altitude missile defense system
I decided to increase the troops.
This is SBS Jeongseok.
-(Anchor) The United States supports Israel
I want you not to do the ground war
The atmosphere.
