Israel has received more U.S. military aid 
than any other country since World War Two.
But the humanitarian crisis in Gaza is putting 
that assistance under heavy scrutiny and prompting  
calls for Washington to put conditions on 
the military funding it provides to Israel.
Here's what we know about 
the level of U.S. support  
for Israel as it fights Hamas militants in Gaza.
In 2016, the U.S. signed a 
record $38 billion agreement  
to provide Israel with military 
aid over a period of 10 years.
$33 billion was for military equipment and 
$5 billion for missile defense systems.
Israel became the first international 
operator of the F-35 Joint Strike Fighter,  
with plans for a fleet of 75 of the 
technologically advanced fighter jets.
The U.S. helps fund Israel's Iron Dome 
short-range rocket defense system,  
and the "David's Sling" system to shoot down 
rockets fired from up to 124 miles away.
A further $14 billion for Israel,  
proposed by President Joe Biden last 
year, is currently held up in Congress.
"We're going to make sure Iron 
Dome continues to guard the skies  
over Israel. We're going to make sure 
other hostile actors in the region know  
that Israel is stronger than ever and 
prevent this conflict from spreading."
The United States has long used its veto power  
on the U.N. Security Council to block 
resolutions seen as critical of Israel.
Earlier during the war, it vetoed calls 
for an immediate ceasefire in Gaza.
Then in March for the first time, Washington 
abstained from a vote on a similar resolution.
Security Council resolutions need at least 
nine votes in favor and no veto by the U.S.,  
France, Britain, Russia or China.
Washington has also taken Israel's side elsewhere.
Former President Donald Trump withdrew the 
United States from the U.N. Human Rights Council,
to protest the body's criticism of 
Israel's treatment of Palestinians.
In 2017, Trump recognized 
Jerusalem as Israel's capital.
The status of Jerusalem - home to sites holy to 
Muslims, Jews and Christians - has been one of  
the biggest obstacles to reaching a peace 
deal between Israel and the Palestinians.