Israel's counterattack against Iran
Iran was found to be out
It is Danji only if there is a massive air strike.
By connecting the details of the press bureau
Let's find out Hwang Jung -hyun
Israel has a missile for Iran
Foreign media reports that were fired continued
Mi -ABC Broadcasting and Russia
Tas communications, etc. were launched by Israel
Missiles have hit my target
I reported that the Rodter Communication is Ispan
The drone generation was witnessed over the air
The air defense network is said to have been shot down.
The attacked area
The leading Ispa is estimated by Isfahan
It is the place where the mainland attack of Israel began.
Bloomberg's rule was conveyed, but Iran Paras
Telecommunications is near the airport in the Ispa area
The explosion was heard, but the cause is
It is said that it was not grasped.
The 8th Air Force
It is transmitted to the place where the base
Mi -e -CNN Broadcasting Island Iranian Army Air Force
Breaking news that POME was captured nearby
Conveyed
This is the state of the attacked area
The news that the nuclear facility is concentrated
I was there, but what is the actual situation?
Yes, Reuters
Many nuclear facilities are concentrated in the state.
I said Iran's uranium enrichment
The center of Nathanz Nuclear Facility is also in the location
It is known to be there.
Officials say Israel's attack
The nuclear facilities will not be aimed at
CNN broadcast
The territory raids of the report
Fox News's breaking news
It is being delivered to Ispa
The contents announced that the facilities are safe
It was passed down in the midst of this
The US president called Israel
I will defend the attack aimed at Iran
He said he would be absent from
Responding to the position that the United States has revealed
It is also the current airspace
Many flights passing by
It is understood that it is.
Iranian air defense network was operated in the state.
Israel
Iran's counterattack was a large scale of Iran
After the air raid, everything is all three
For more information, additional information
I will tell you as it is collected
There is a sidewalk country so far
