Hamas freed two more hostages on Monday,  
both Israeli women the group said 
were released on health grounds.
Video from Hamas was said to show 
the two hostages Nurit Cooper and  
Yocheved Lifshitz before they were released.
The pair were seen led by an armed 
fighter to a Red Crescent vehicle.
Video from Egypt's Al Qahera news 
station showed Cooper and Lifshitz  
transferred onto ambulances at Rafah 
crossing, between Gaza and Egypt.
Israeli media have confirmed their identities.
They are only the second release since militants  
crossed the border into southern 
Israel more than two weeks ago,
killing around 1,400 people and 
abducting more than 200 hostages.
An American woman and her 
daughter were freed on Friday.
Meanwhile, Israel's police and the 
Shin Bet intelligence agency released  
video from their interrogations of captured 
Hamas gunmen who took part in the rampage.
In clips, one handcuffed detainee said to be  
a Hamas militant described the 
chilling orders he was given.
"The instructions regarding 
civilians were to kill men,  
and hold women, elders and children hostages."
Reuters was unable to verify the video or whether 
the individuals in it were speaking under duress.
Over two weeks since the October 7 assault,  
Israeli aircraft have continuously 
bombed targets in the Gaza strip.
On Monday, Gaza's health ministry 
said over 400 people have died in  
air strikes over the past 24 
hours, most in southern Gaza,  
next to which Israeli troops and tanks 
have massed for a possible ground invasion.
Israeli officials have not formally given an 
official start date to the looming assault.
But sources tell Reuters the White House, 
Pentagon and State Department have stepped  
up private appeals for caution in 
conversations with the Israelis.
In public, the United States has 
stressed Israel's right to defend itself.
But the sources say a U.S. priority is to gain 
time for negotiations to free other hostages.
Asked about the possibility of a ceasefire in 
a news conference on Monday, U.S. President Joe  
Biden said he wouldn't consider backing 
one until all the hostages are released.