I've been shooting a rocket several times, but this
Many injured people occurred due to the bombing.
This is SBS Yoo Soo -hwan.
-(Anchor) Hamas and Hamas at the UN General Assembly
The resolution calling for the ceasefire of Israel
Adopted.
However, Hamas's surprise attack on the 7th
It is not included in the condemnation.
I am a correspondent for Nam Seung -mo in Washington.
-(Correspondent) Hamas conflict with Israel
Emergency UN General Assembly held to deal with.
For the humanitarian approach to the Gaza district
The resolution calling for an immediate ceasefire
Adopted.
-(Correspondent) This resolution is led by Jordan.
Hamas's surprise attack on the 7th
It is not included in the condemnation.
Also, guaranteeing the safety of civilians and without conditions
There was an expression of being released
The expression that Hamas caught the hostage
Not used.
Canada is doing Hamas's terrorism
A revision that adds to condemning
I submitted it.
Inside Canada, Hamas's hostage
The voice that requires the release of Korea
I put it.
Korea belongs to the United States, Japan, and the European Union
Together with the nations,
I threw it.
However, in the revision of the amendment, 88 votes in favor, the opposite
55 votes, 23 votes and 23 votes required to adopt the amendment
It was less than a two -third favor.
The resolution of the General Assembly is different from the security of the Security Council.
There is no legal binding.
But even in the ceasefire resolution, Israel
As oil prices soar as they expanded to expand,
Anxiety is spreading.
December at the New York Commerce Exchange
Western texas crude oil prices than the previous day
$ 2.33, $ 85.54 per barrel, up 2.8%
Traded.
This is the highest since the last 20 days
It is level.
Oil prices are crude oil on the expansion of the Gaza district ground warfare
As there is a growing concern for supply,
I saw it.
The geopolitical risk of the Middle East is gradually
Crude oil due to anxiety that it can spread to oil producers
Demand is expected to rise further.
This is SBS Nam Seung -mo in Washington.
-(Anchor) Actor who is suspected of drug administration
Lee Sun -kyun attended the police today and investigated
