Screams…
regrets ... and a lot of consternation
This left the explosion that destroyed part
from Al-Alhi Hospital in Gaza City
that resulted in hundreds of dead on Tuesday
and injured.
The person in charge is still in question.
Hamas and other Palestinian groups responsible
To Israel, while he blamed a rocket
Failed of the Palestine Islamic Yihad Group.
This is the deadliest episode from
that the conflict between Israel will begin
And Hamas on October 7 after the offensive
of Palestinian militants in territory
Israeli.
But what happened in the hospital, qualified
as "a massacre" by the NGO doctors without
Borders, soon generated a wave of indignation
worldwide.
Thousands of people left at dawn
From this Wednesday to the street in demonstrations
of protest in Jordan, Lebanon, Morocco,
Türkiye, Tunisia or Bank.
In some of them there were violent shoots
and disturbances before the embassies of states
United and Israel.
In Lebanon, the Hezbollah militant organization
He called the Arab world to protest
This Wednesday in a, in quotes, “day
of unprecedented fury ”.
And in the West Bank, Security Forces
Palestinas faced tear gas
to a multitude of protesters shouted
not only against Israel but also against
the president of the Palestinian National Authority,
Mahmud Abás.
They ask for his resignation, accusing him of
Do not act bluntly at the conflict
That is happening in Gaza.
The convictions of international leaders
Before the tragedy they soon arrived, but
has also had repercussions on the field
diplomatic.
This Wednesday a meeting was scheduled
In Jordan among King Abdalá II, the leader
Palestinian Mahmud Abás, the Egyptian President
Abdelfatah el-Sisi and the president of states
United Joe Biden.
However, this meeting was canceled after
What happened in the hospital.
Yes, he went ahead, however, the
Joe Biden meeting with the Prime Minister
Israelí, Benjamin Netanyahu.
But the hospital massacre can even have
repercussions for Israel for the future
given the outrage in the Arab world.
For some time, Israel and Saudi Arabia
They were negotiating to formalize their relationships.
Negotiations that have already been paused
At the beginning of the conflict with Hamas, but
that can complicate even more after this
horrible event.
