Australia's Jewish community calls for Hamas
hostages to be released
"Bring them home, bring them home"
United in grief and despair over the lives
lost, and those which still hang in the balance.
“These are not soldiers they are babies,
kids families, people who came to a peace
festival young people and grandparents.”
Some of those attending, blindfolded and holding
pictures of hundreds of hostages, to represent
the events of October 7.
For many, the conflict has shattered their
families as well as their communities.
"Kibbutz Kfar Aza my brother-in-law’s family
lives there, there were about 53 people murdered,
the count up to today is about 53, there are
still people missing.
They’re still recovering bodies, burnt bodies,
mutilated bodies.”
Those at this event in Melbourne, calling
on Australian leaders to do more.
“WE need our Australian government to be
vocal to speak up to make international pressure
to get these innocent hostages released.”
Today in Adelaide the foreign minister offered
this, describing the Hamas attacks as an 'assault
on collective humanity'.
"It was an act of evil perpetrated by a terrorist
group, a hateful group bent on the destruction
of the state of Israel and the eradication
of the Jews and that is why it must be condemned."
Penny Wong, joining other political leaders
at a vigil with members of Adelaide's Jewish
community, to mourn the lives lost and raise
hope for a better tomorrow.
“On behalf of our community we light one
additional candle to recognise the suffering
of the people of Gaza who have been put in
harm’s way by Hamas.”
How deeply the conflict has infiltrated their
daily lives expressed by those who addressed
the room.
“ Soon our Israeli friends will be able
to sit in a room and enjoy a conversation
without planning a hiding spot or an escape
route, but not now.”
This man returned home to Adelaide from Israel
just as the conflict broke out.
“ I even managed to say goodbye to my family,
my heart heavy with the unspoken truth that
it might be a final farewell.”
Now, they wait in hope that will not be the
case.
Kath Landers SBS World News.