-(Anchor) This time, in Israel,
By connecting our correspondent
What is the atmosphere there ahead of the ground war
Let's find out.
Connect on -site.
Correspondent Lee Jong -hoon.
Anxious that you don't know what will happen right now
The days continue, but the situation
What are the people of Israel
Is there?
-(Correspondent) When the Israelites
In the news that comes from the moment when it will start
I am keen on my touch.
4 days after our reporters came here
It has passed.
Rocket and Israel
The number of times the Iron Dome intercepts it
there is.
Every night, the air raid siren rings to a shelter
There are many cases that should be avoided
I am covering in a state.
The restaurants also closed a lot and work
As people enlisted as a reserve army, food
The place where you have to pack your arms and eat and eat
It is increasing.
A citizen who met the reporter to the government before the war
If the support for 50%was 50%,
The government after the Hamas raid
The atmosphere here is a lot of support
I told you.
-(Anchor) As we saw earlier
Of course, the situation of the Gaza district is worse
But with Hamas's surprise
Israel also had a lot of life damage.
So there's a funeral
It's going to follow.
-(Correspondent) The National Cemetery in Jerusalem
I covered it.
If you hit us, it's like a national cemetery.
Hamas's surprise attack last 7 days
Since then, the funeral is not missing one day
It is being held.
But the funeral is 10 days after the dead
There are many cases where you can't pay.
The national cemetery where the dead soldiers are buried
It is covered with flowers of memorial.
Jews say that humans are returning to the soil
Because it is regarded as God's will,
It is important to bury the body
I think.
So on the day of death, the funeral
I do it.
Leave the body without burying for a long time
It is a blasphemy and disrespectful of the deceased
It is considered.
But among the people who died on the 7th, the first day of the surprise
If you still haven't had funerals
a lot.
The number of deaths is too large, so the funeral order
Because we have to wait.
The survivors who lost their families in the morning
Even more in the situation where there is no funeral
I only burn it.
This is SBS Lee Jong -hoon.
-(Anchor) Armed conflict between Israel and Hamas
