UN Palestinian refugee relief employees last year
Suspicion that it was involved in Hamas' surprise attack in October
It is growing as a wave.
The specific circumstances that participated in the kidnapping were Israel
When it turns out to be a report of intelligence agencies,
More and more Western countries are revealing.
Dubai Excellence Correspondent.
Hamas at the time of the first surprise attack on October 7 last year
Abducted more than 200 people in Israeli.
In this process, the UN Palestinian refugee relief body
The concrete situation that employees were involved
It is revealed.
The New York Times publishes a report of intelligence agencies
An employee of this organization quoted a kidnapping with his son.
I reported that I was involved.
Another employee was responsible for distributing bullets and providing vehicles.
Even in the field where dozens of people were shot by guns, the staff
I stayed.
As suspicions grow, the United Nations
I promised to investigate.
The survey is as fast and efficient as possible.
It is.Anyone who is involved in terrorism
You will be responsible for all criminal responsibilities, including prosecution.
It is.
Israel is out of 2,000 employees of this organization
10%are associated with armed organizations such as Hamas
I claim.
The UN Palestinian refugee relief organization was 1949
To support Palestinian refugees
It was established.
Many countries such as the United States and France have already stopped supporting support.
The decision was made, and the neutral nation Switzerland also provided support.
I withheld it.
Hamas immediately made the decision of Western countries.
I criticized.
These countries' decisions are irresponsible.
To dissolve and remove refugee relief organizations
It coincides with Zionism (Israel).
The United Nations has nine out of 12 employees who have been suspected.
I was fired, but I didn't stop relief in the Gaza district.
He appealed to resume support.
KBS News Excellence in Dubai.
Video editing: Insoo Kim/Survey: Oh Ji -min
