-(Anchor) The United States lower the tension between both sides
I continued to try.
US Secretary of State, BLINCON, is Palestine
Meet the head of the autonomous government and the humanitarian
I reaffirmed my position to help support and Van Ga
The White House is engaged in the release of hostage release.
I have a position to stop for a while.
I am a correspondent in New York.
-(Correspondent) Tony Bling Cond is visiting the Middle East
US Secretary of State
I visited.
Just before Saudi and Egypt from Jordan
Meeting with foreign ministers in major major countries in the Middle East
Efforts to omit hostile public opinion
This was followed immediately.
The West Bank of Jordan River is taking control of Hamas
Unlike the Gaza District
This is where the autonomous government is located.
Minister of Bellon is Mumud Abas Municipal Government
Meet the head of the Gaza Earth and the humanitarian support
You can restart the essential service together
I reaffirmed my promise to help.
In addition, the United States is Palestinian and Israeli
Promote the same dignity and security of everyone
He added that he is trying to.
-(Correspondent) The White House is also released from the scenes
As negotiations are in progress, this negotiations
In order to move the hostages when it is concluded
The position that the battle could be suspended
I put it off.
John Fineer White House
Prime Minister Netanyahoo also appeared on CBS broadcasting
Saying that you can consider the discontinuance of the battle
I pressed the Israeli side.
Among these, France, Qatar, Turkiye
Once again, the humanitarian ceasefire
I asked for it.
On weekends, France and the United Kingdom, as well as the United States
Demonstrations that require a ceasefire in Korea
As a result, the US government's anti -war public opinion
It is a burden.
This is SBS Kim Beom -ju in New York.
-(Anchor) There is a strong rainstorm in the metropolitan area during the night
There were accidents in various places.
In the apartment in Bucheon, Gyeonggi -do
Residents were trapped in the elevator
