-(Reporter) More News Briefing, New Beller
Time.
The analysis that North Korea's human rights situation has worsened.
It came out.
As an excuse to strengthen the defense of the Corona period
The situation that blocked the border and controlled the movement
It's revealed.
Unconditionally
To the order to shoot a gun
It is known.
International Human Rights Human Rise Warts
It is a report.
According to this, the North Korean government is in early 2020.
After the start of Corona Fan Demick, barbed wire and posts
Expanding and introducing new regulations and strengthening the enforcement of the law
I blocked the border through.
In fact, the group's border satellite satellite
As a result of analyzing the picture,
There are a total of 6,820 facilities, 20 times since 2019
It has increased to the level.
In addition, barbed wire, such as double and triple,
A barbed wire with a total length of 500km
It was also found to be newly installed.
In addition, the North Korean authorities are bordered without permission
Unconditionally
I even ordered to shoot, but it is corresponding to
The order is valid as of January this year.
The report said.
With this border blockage,
Human rights groups that made it impossible
Analysis.
In addition, commercial activities are restricted and
Throughout the household's livelihood
I was the most shocked for married women
I saw it.
Meanwhile, North Korea is also strong in foreign culture
It's blocking.
Last January, we speak in Korean -style tone
In the case
Following the creation of the protection law,
Teachers who teach children
The news came out.
30 first -time teachers in Nampo -si, Pyeongan, recently
It was sent to Kaesong's elementary school and kindergarten
North Korean media Daily NK reported.
Teachers of Kaesong speak South Korea in class
When the criticism of being used is raised, this action
It got off.
In addition, teachers who have raised problems are dismissed or
Revolutionary, forced labor
It is handed down.
With a strong way to get rid of a strong South Korean tone
It is analyzed.
In addition, I cracked down on my hair and clothes
there is.
-(Reporter) Because I also watched Korean dramas
Teenage boys have a 12 -year labor type
External threatening the system, such as being sentenced to being sentenced
Strongly blocking the influx of culture
It is shape.
