-(Anchor) US President Biden to Israel
The time you stay is less than 8 hours.
How much achievements in this short schedule
I would have done it in detail by connecting the Washington correspondent
Let's find out.
Correspondent Nam Seung -mo, supporting Israel
It is the visit to prevent the collision from getting bigger
It was a goal, but I think it had been successful to some extent
Will it be?
-(Correspondent) It will be difficult to give a generous score
The same is the same.
President Biden meets Prime Minister Netanyahu
Repeated solidarity and support for Israel
Confirm and unprecedented military support package
I also asked Congress to ask.
However, in the process of responding to terrorism in September 11,
The mistake that the United States was committed was also discussed.
But the military operation is unfolded but excessive retaliation
By conveying that it is not attacked
I see it.
Let's listen.
-(Correspondent) In the UN Security Council, the United States
In the resolution of the Gaza district humanitarian aid
Israel's self -defense rights were not mentioned
For reason, I exercised the right to veto, but this pro
Middle East countries on Israel
While repulsive, efforts to prevent expansion are achievements.
It's hard to guarantee.
CNN has no real performance in this visit.
I evaluated and the Washington Post was visited by Biden
He reported that the Middle East was swelling.
-(Anchor) I mentioned in the report earlier
Civilians suffering from the Gaza district
You've also taken measures to help.
Please organize the contents.
-(Correspondent) First of all,
$ 100 million for Palestinian support
I announced that it would be offered.
Hamas isolated and Palestinian residents
It seems to be a paving stone to respond.
The passage from Egypt to Gaza Earth
It was said that it was opened and agreed to send a relief supplies.
I said.
The crisis of humanitarianism in the Gaza District
It is noteworthy if it will be better.
President Biden is in Korea Tomorrow morning
9 o'clock, with Israel through the public speech
It will reveal its position on the Ukrainian war
The expected.
It was Washington.
-(Anchor) The hospital in the Gaza district
Hundreds of people were killed because they were attacked
Israel and Hamas have been in truth workshop for the second day
