Israel-Hamas War.
Both sides will resume negotiations in relation to the release of hostages.
Hamas leader in the midst of an alteration of Egypt
I am visiting.
But Israel again called Hamas
I reaffirmed my hard -line position to remove it.
Dubai Excellence Correspondent.
Hospitals in the Gaza district resumed some operations,
It is still full of injured people.
Suddenly the bomb exploded and the stone fell on me.
And people took me out of the debris.
Increasingly, residents who are hard to find even basic daily necessities
It is hard to live.
The relief truck from Jordan is Kerem Shalom
I first entered the Gaza Earth through the aisle, but
Not enough.
Hamas political leader in the midst of an urgent need to stop engaging
Haniye visited Egypt.
The second time after the outbreak of the war, Egypt was the first
At the time of the interruption, it acted as an arbitration with Qatar
came.
This visit to Hani -ye is the release of hostages by Israel.
Immediately after revealing the intention of resuming negotiations.
Earlier in Israel, Hamas had 40 hostages.
If you release it, you will be able to stop engaging for a week.
I presented it.
But Israeli Prime Minister Netanyahu is still strong
It is a position.
All Hamas terrorists died from beginning to end
People.They surrender or die
I have different choices.
According to the Israeli army,
More than 120 hostages remain
It is estimated.
The United States will minimize the sacrifice of civilians in the Gaza district.
I emphasized again.
(Our goal) The pain and sacrifice of civilians
Minimized and the remaining hostages can be returned to the family
To be as soon as possible while making it as soon as possible
Will.
In the midst of this, attacking ships passing through the Red Sea
Yemen Futi rebels are attacked by US troops
He threatened to fight back and raised tension.
The Gaza Health Ministry operated by Hamas is in the Gaza district.
The death toll has exceeded 20,000.
KBS News Excellence in Dubai.
Video editing: Mission Hwan/Data Survey: Seo Hojeong
