-(Anchor) The United States no longer to Israel
Hamasman precision so that there is no civilian damage
I ordered an operation to hit and remove.
Also, in the Red Sea, Yemen rebels followed the merchant ship
As the logistics disruption is attacked and the United States is united.
The fleet was organized and responded.
This is a report from Correspondent Kim Yong -tae, Washington.
-(Correspondent) Indiscriminate bombing and full -scale Gaza district
The current high -strength operation that continues the ground war
Civilian damage is inevitable.
The US Defense Minister who visited Israel
That's why the transition is urgently urged.
-(correspondent) Hamasman precision like surgery surgery
It means to get rid of it.
Israeli troops have civilians such as children on SNS.
If there is a video that stopped the attack,
Next to adjust the operational intensity by region
He said he plans to switch to the stage.
It also means not to rule the district of the Gaza.
I was exposed.
-(Correspondent) In the Red Sea
Oil prices are rising due to private merchant ship serial attacks
As the logistics disruption is made, the United States is multinational security
Operation of Guardian of the Initiative Prosperity
I started.
About 10, including the United States, the United Kingdom, Bahrain and France
It is an operation that operates a multinational fleet
It is known.
Already among the top 10 shipping companies, including Korea H & M
Nine were suspended from the Red Sea flight, but instead of the Red Sea
If you bypass the African Hope Peak,
It takes more time until 10 days.
The United States has a free voyage in the United States.
Guaranteed and strengthened local security and prosperity
It is the purpose of this operation
I explained.
When the multinational fleet initiative was announced, Huti rebels
Ships that are not owned by Israel do not attack
I said I would not.
This is SBS Kim Yong -tae in Washington.
-(Anchor) President Yoon Seok -yeol is a diplomatic security line
Greetings.
