US President Biden is Netanyahu Israel
After meeting with the prime minister, I returned to the United States.
Israel is now in a large military operation
There are many prospects for coming out.
Today's news is after President Biden's visit
From what movements in the Middle East
Let's look at it.
First, let's connect Israel.
Correspondent Lee Jong -hoon, President Biden went
Israel's air raid aimed at Hamas later
The water level is higher.
-(Correspondent) The reporters are now in this war.
The control tower and the exhibition cabinet
In front of Tel Aviv's Hockey's building
It is listed.
Israel
The air strikes have been strengthened in the north and southern
The media here are telling.
Another hospital after the Gaza District Hospital
Near the flame by Israeli raids
Wolsa, which is soaring and soaked in Islamic
I told you.
With the observation that a large -scale military operation is imminent
The Israeli government and military leadership
We mentioned the possibility of long -term war.
Prime Minister Netanyahu has time for victory
He told me that it was caught and Halbi Israel
The chief of staff is Hezbola, a Lebanese armed group
If you participate in the war, the war will be longer.
I did.
The opposition representative who is participating in the exhibition cabinet is also
It seems to take a few months in war
I said.
-(Anchor) If the ground battle begins,
How to finish the war for Israel
You should think about it, but let's go to the earth
The territory will be reduced more than now
There's also a story.
-(Correspondent) Israel was the 3rd Middle East in 1967
After winning the war,
Dongjerusalem, occupying the Gaza Earth, etc.
International while expanding the territory through war
It is true that we have been criticized by society.
The goal of this war is also based on the headquarters of Hamas
Beyond the destruction of the facility to the expansion of the territory
I left it.
Elysko Hen, Israeli, said this
At the end of the war, Hamas is more on the Gaza district.
Let's go to the district
He insisted that the territory would be reduced.
So far, SBS from Tel Aviv, Israel
