-(Anchor) This time, this time, Washington, USA
Let's connect.
For the United States,
The president found the country, but from the start
I met the bad news.
Let's talk with correspondents.
Correspondent Kim Yong -tae went to find a solution
Something before President Biden started
Before I tried, I hit a challenge.
-(Correspondent) The purpose of President Biden is
It was in arbitration, or arbitration.
The truth workshop continues
But the Middle East countries
I'm pointing.
Naturally, I turn my back to the same on the same side
There is a situation.
As the visit to Jordan is canceled, only Hamas
Remove it, isolated and Palestine
With the autonomous government or other Middle East countries
The US basic idea of cooperation will be shaken.
I have no choice but to.
The British BBC says President Biden is in the Middle East
I tried to look like a good mediator, but I was embarrassed
I expressed it a bit badly that I faced
So Biden is Netana
Both talks with the prime minister
Israel's side on Israel
It seems to have evolved while listening.
-(Anchor) Israel's ground forces
Many countries are dry.
This is a little more in Israel and the United States.
I think my thoughts have become complicated.
-(Correspondent) I think it will be like this.
There are more variables to consider.
First of all, the international community
Concerns have grown.
When the ground forces are used, civilian damage is more
It will be a lot.
The burden of America, of course, is also increased
Situation.
Moreover, Iran or Hezbollah in Israel
There is also a cause to intervene while turning responsibility
It's a.
In the end, President Biden will go ahead
Military as it said that it would not be occupied
Even if the operation is done,
It means to convey to Israel
It seems to be.
If the ground forces are used, the time is
It will be after the president left Israel
Observation.
It has been Washington so far.
-(Anchor) Israel's front blockade isolated due to the entire blockade
In the Gaza district, you have to take care of the injured people
