Video shot earlier this week is the last 
the world has seen of some of the medical  
staff caring for hundreds of patients still 
trapped inside Gaza's Al Shifa hospital.
Reuters journalists have been unable to 
reach anyone there for more than 24 hours.
They were effectively cut off 
from the outside world as of  
Wednesday (Nov 15) after Israeli 
forces moved inside the facility.
Israel's military later released this video  
of rifles and flak jackets it 
said its soldiers found there.
But it has so far produced no evidence of 
the vast Hamas headquarters that both it  
and Washington said was operating 
beneath Gaza's biggest hospital.
The White House stood by its intelligence 
assessment about Al Shifa on Thursday.
Meanwhile global alarm among 
humanitarian groups is growing.
Al Shifa is also hosting thousands of people  
displaced by weeks of Israeli air 
strikes and artillery bombardments.
The World Health Organization said it was 
trying to arrange a medical evacuation of  
about 600 patients inside Al Shifa, including 
27 in critical condition and 36 newborn babies  
removed from incubators for want of power 
because Israel has cut off fuel supplies.
"The situation, the humanitarian health 
situation in Gaza really is catastrophic."
Regional emergencies director Rick 
Brennan said there were many challenges,  
including negotiating safety guarantees 
with Israel's military and a lack of the  
fuel needed for ambulances 
to just bring out patients.
"There are a lot of security concerns, 
there are a lot of logistics constraints,  
our options are rather limited, but we hope to 
have some better news in the next 24 hours."
Israeli forces have effectively 
shut down all hospitals in the  
northern part of the enclave and 
ordered the area's evacuation.
Human Rights Watch warned hospitals have special 
protections under international humanitarian law.
Israel has now dropped leaflets in 
the southern part of the Gaza Strip,  
ordering civilians to leave four 
towns on the edge of Khan Younis.
Atya Abu Jabal was among tens of 
thousands of displaced people in  
the area now wondering where 
they're supposed to go next.
Other residents said the area came 
under heavy bombardment overnight.