The draft of the resolution calling for a ceasefire in the US
Submitted to the UN Security Council.
In the meantime, we have supported the military operation of Israel
I'm out of position, but Israel is the southernmost tip
Rafa does not give up.
Dubai Excellence Correspondent.
The United States, which has recently been in conflict with Israel, is powerful.
I went to pressure.
US Secretary of State Tony BLINCON, who is visiting the Middle East, is a ceasefire.
The draft resolution was submitted to the UN Security Council.
I said.
We have already prepared a draft resolution and
I sent.This resolution is linked to the release of hostages.
It calls for an immediate ceasefire.Each country
I hope to support the resolution.
With the virtual end -of -the -last entry of Israel
It is interpreted.
I hope you support other countries.(Resolution submission)
A powerful message, a powerful signal.
The United States is Israel's
Alliance, Israel, for self -defense
I have been supported.
Capital for the ceasefire submitted by other countries to the Security Council
The resolution refused three times.
But the damage of civilians such as the disaster
As international criticism has increased,
I have been in conflict with Israel.
There is only hunger.I lined up, but we
It is kicked out.This place is not enough to eat
not.A bowl of flour is not enough.
For the US, 1.4 million relief passages and piranians
Tolerate the ground operations for Rapa
It seems difficult.
But the Prime Minister of Israeli, Netanyahu, said
Strong.
I'm preparing to enter Rafa, but it will take some time
It is.Mobilization of all military power to continue the operation
there is.
The United States is already in various channels such as maritime and aviation.
We are sending relief to the Gaza district.
The United States eventually brought a resolution to call for a ceasefire
In the background, if the war continues,
Calculation that it will be difficult to get an Arab ticket in the presidential election
It seems to be laid.
KBS News Excellence in Dubai.
Video editing: Mission Hwan/Video Source: Al
Dadas/Survey: Lee Soo -ah
