-(Anchor) Our Air Force's Stealth Fighter
The F-35A has been tearing up the fighter aircraft and
To replace it, in the Japanese facility designated by the United States
I had to leave it.
Is the Korean government leaking to Japan
There was a lot of concerns, but our coverage results 3 years
Afterwards, our Air Force directly in Korea
I can be able to do precision maintenance
It has been confirmed.
Kim Tae -hoon, a defense journalist
I covered it.
-(Reporter) Our Air Force owns 39
F-35A.
Secretly hitting nuclear and missile bases
Stealth that North Korea is afraid of
Fighter.
In December last year, the total project cost of 4.26 trillion won
In addition, the F-35A's 20s and related equipment
I decided to introduce by 2028, but
Together in Korea without an increase in total project cost
Agreement with the United States to make a creation
It has been confirmed by girl.
The creation cost is the core of the fighter.
Replace precision parts and stealth paint
It is the highest level of maintenance to paint.
The United States has been state -of -the -art that is high -quality confidentiality
The defense science and technology are everywhere
For this reason, the F-35A is a field maintenance, or gas.
Only simple maintenance is allowed outside,
F-35A East Asia Creation Statement established in Japan
It was only available in the herb.
If we make a creation in Japan, our Air Force operations
The information has no choice but to move on to the Japanese side
Such concerns have disappeared.
The Radiation Authority has the Air Force sequentially from next year
More than 30 skilled mechanics are dispatched to the United States
He said he would complete the education.
At the same time, the facility and maintenance window for the creation cost
In the Air Force Cheongju Base where the F-35A is deployed
It is installed.
-(Reporter) The Radiation Authority is a full-fledged domestic F-35A
The creation cost begins in late 2027
I said.
This is SBS Kim Tae -hoon.
-(Anchor) The couple are doing household chores.
Although the family has increased recently, the government
