Israel's soldiers were reported 
to have fought Hamas militants  
during limited ground raids in Gaza
as the bombardment of the besieged  
enclave continued Monday (October 23).
Spokesperson for the Israeli military,  
Rear Admiral Daniel Hagari, said tank and 
infantry went in overnight and killed,  
quote, "squads of terrorists."
The soldiers also tried to gather  
information on the 222 hostages being 
held by the Islamist Hamas, he said. 
In the Sheikh Radwan area of Gaza city, 
families were forced to flee an Israeli strike. 
Hundreds were killed by such attacks in the past 
24 hours, mostly in the south of the narrow,  
densely populated strip, Gaza's health ministry 
said, bringing Palestinian deaths in the two  
weeks of Israeli strikes to more than 5,000.
The Israeli bombardment was triggered two  
weeks ago by a cross-border attack by 
Hamas militants who killed more than  
1,400 people and seized hostages.
Photos of the victims filled the  
seats of a University of Tel Aviv 
auditorium on Monday in tribute. 
While Israeli troops and tanks 
mass on the Israeli-Gaza border,  
it's still not clear how soon they might launch 
a ground invasion aimed at eliminating Hamas. 
Israel said its limited ground operation 
targeted Palestinian gunmen and that its  
air strikes focused on sites where Hamas was 
assembling to ambush any wider Israeli invasion. 
Hamas, which runs Gaza, also reported overnight 
clashes with Israeli soldiers close to Khan  
Younis in the south of the enclave.
Meanwhile desperate civilians are  
running out of food, water and places to 
shelter from the unrelenting bombardment. 
A third Gaza-bound aid convoy entered the Rafah 
crossing from Egypt on Monday - but the trickle  
of supplies arriving since the weekend 
is only a fraction of the amount needed. 
The United Nations humanitarian office says 
the volume is just a tiny percentage of the  
daily average before the conflict.
About 1.4 million of Gaza's 2.3  
million population are now internally 
displaced, it says, with many seeking  
refuge in overcrowded U.N. emergency shelters.
U.N. workers say some who heeded Israel's warning  
to leave the north for the south are now 
heading back because of the bombing there.