This is an act of sheer evil.
President Joe Biden denounced Hamas and  
stressed US support for Israel on Tuesday.
We stand with Israel.
And he confirmed that American citizens 
were among those killed over the weekend. 
More than 1000 civilians slaughtered, not just 
killed, slaughtered, in Israel. 
Among them,  at least 14 American citizens killed. This is 
terrorism, but sadly for the Jewish people,  
it's not new.
Hamas launched  
its surprise attack against Israel on Saturday.
Israel has struck back with air strikes, as the  
death toll from both sides continues to mount.
Biden outlined the US military assistance being  
sent to help Israel in its 
fight, including ammunition. 
We're going to make sure that Israel does 
not run out of these critical assets. 
He also voiced concern for Americans being 
held hostage by the Palestinian Islamist group. 
We now know that American citizens are among 
those being held by Hamas. I'm directing  
my team to share intelligence and deploy 
additional experts from across the United  
States government to consult with and advise 
Israeli counterparts on hostage recovery efforts. 
Moments after Biden's speech, US 
national security adviser Jake Sullivan  
said many Americans were still missing 
following the mass killings in Israel. 
We believe that there are 20 or more 
Americans who at this point are missing,  
but I want to underscore and stress that 
does not mean necessarily that there are  
20 or more American hostages. Just that is 
the number who are currently unaccounted for. 
Meanwhile, US law enforcement 
agencies were taking steps to  
disrupt any domestic threat that may emerge.
In cities across the United States of America,  
police departments have stepped up security 
around centres of Jewish life. There is no  
place for hate in America, not against Jews, 
not against Muslims, not against anybody. 
The FBI said earlier it was "closely 
monitoring unfolding events" but added  
it "does not have specific and credible 
intelligence indicating a threat to the  
United States stemming from 
the Hamas attacks in Israel."