All civilian lives matter. My friends, 
I’m outraged and grieved by those acts  
of violence waged against innocent civilians 
in Gaza, in the West Bank and in Israel. The  
relentless bombing campaign underway in Gaza, as 
we speak, is cruel and unconscionable on every  
level. It is collective punishment on a besieged 
and helpless people, it is a flagrant violation  
of international humanitarian law, it is a war 
crime. Yet, the deeper the crisis cuts of cruelty,  
the less the world seems to care. Anywhere 
else, attacking civilian infrastructure,  
deliberately starving an entire population of 
food, water, electricity and basic necessities  
would be condemned, accountability would 
be enforced immediately and unequivocally,  
and it has been done before, recently 
in another conflict but not in Gaza.
 
Our priorities today are clear and urgent - 
first and immediate end to the war in Gaza,  
protection of civilians and the adoption 
of unified position that indiscriminately  
condemns the targeting of all civilians, in 
line with our shared values and international  
law which loses all value if it is 
implemented selectively. Second,  
the sustained and uninterrupted delivery of human 
aid, fuel and medicines to the Gaza Strip. Third,  
the unequivocal rejection of the forced 
displacement or internal displacement of the  
Palestinians. This is a war crime, according to 
international law and a red line for all of us.
 
It is our duty as the international community 
to do whatever it takes to restart a meaningful,  
political process that can take us to a 
just and sustainable peace on the basis  
of two-state solution, the only path to a safe 
and secure future for the people of the Middle  
East and the entire world, for the Jewish 
people, for Christians, for Muslims alike,  
starts with the belief that every human life 
is of equal value and it ends with two states,  
Palestine and Israel sharing land and peace from 
the river to the sea, the time to at is now.