U.S. President Joe Biden warned Iran to not
get involved
in Israel’s war with Hamas on Wednesday.
It’s the first direct warning he made to
Tehran, a longtime backer of Hamas after an
attack and hostage-taking by Palestinian Hamas
militants and an Israeli bombardment of the Gaza Strip.
“We moved the U.S. carrier fleet to the
Eastern Mediterranean; are sending more fighter
jets there in that region and made it clear,
made it clear to the Iranians: Be careful.”
Biden told Jewish community leaders at the
White House he promised more military aid
to Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu in a
phone call.
Israeli jets have bombarded Gaza for days
since the attack.
And as expectations grow Israel will launch
a ground invasion to destroy Hamas, Biden
also urged Netanyahu to make sure war actions
are conducted lawfully.
“The one thing that I did say, that it is
really important, that Israel with all the
anger, and frustration, and just, cannot explain
it, that exist, is that they operate by the
rules of war, the rules of war.”
Biden confirmed that some Americans were taken
hostage by Hamas, and Washington is working
to locate over a dozen missing Americans who
remain unaccounted for, since Hamas gunmen
rampaged through Israeli towns over the weekend.
Over 1,000 people died in those attacks, 22
of them Americans.
As the conflict worsened – with Israel retaliating
and killing roughly the same number in Gaza
through air strikes, Secretary of State Antony
Blinken headed to the Middle East on Wednesday.
He said he aimed to try and prevent a wider
war from erupting – and Washington said
they were reaching regional countries with
influence on Hamas to help ease tensions.
Israel meanwhile set up an emergency wartime
cabinet and unity government on Wednesday.
Netanyahu appeared on TV alongside centrist
opposition leader Benny Gantz as well as Yoav
Gallant, the defence minister, who delivered
his sharpest threat yet to Hamas, promising
to wipe them off “from the face of the earth”
until they “ceased to exist”.